


“Liar.”

His scoff irritated her. However, she was unable to push him away. On the contrary, she raised her arms and wrapped them around his neck.


“Min Yuan.”


He growled as he called out her name.


Thrust! His cock plunged into her. An intense pleasure swept through Yuan’s body as if it would destroy her.


She didn’t know anymore. Yuan raised her head. Feeling her husband’s body for the first time in 6 months felt terribly intense.


“Aaagh.”


Even though she grit her teeth, a groan escaped.

Her excited body was clamping onto him tightly. Her body had gone crazy with the pleasure he was giving her. Even though it hurt and she was suffering, this mind-numbing pleasure washed over her. She didn’t know what to do anymore.


He pushed further inside of her. Like that, JoonHun and Yuan’s bodies roughly merged together. His heavy scrotum found its place between her thighs. In order to steady her trembling body, Yuan grit her teeth. She hid her face in his shoulder and tried with all her might to hold back her moans.


In this position, JoonHun began to move. He filled her completely and continued to push his hot staff further inside as he whispered.


“Tell me. How did your lover do it?”


He was obviously mocking her.


Yuan glared at him furiously. However, JoonHun merely laughed coldly.

“Tell me, Min Yuan.”


He pulled out. As his thick cock left her body, a dizzying sensation went down Yuan’s back, causing a moan to escape her lips. JoonHun laughed. He suddenly thrust back inside, causing her body to quiver.


“That’s enough Aagh.”


Yuan jolted at the sudden intrusion that seemed to pierce through to her stomach. He pushed into her as if he was trying to crash his body into hers. She felt as if she was going to dissolve into the walls.


“Does it feel good?”


He mercilessly asked her.


“Your pussy is gripping me so tightly. I’m asking you. Do you like it, Min Yuan?”

Yuan clenched her fingers. She felt as if every single nerve in her body was on the edge. What was this? A new type of torture?


He pulled out again. Every time he exited her body, he did it so slowly that she felt as if she’d go crazy. JoonHun lowered his hand to find her clit and began to softly press and twist it. Yuan tried to hold back her moans, but she couldn’t take it anymore and writhed her hips in pleasure.


“Answer me, Min Yuan.”


JoonHun whispered again as he pumped his hips. As he powerfully rammed his body into hers, Yuan moaned again. Yuan’s eyes filled with spite. She glared back at him and replied.


“Far from it.”


“What?”


“Seo	Mr JoonHun,	do	you	think	I’ll	be	satisfied	with

something like this?”


Yuan was boiling with rage. She almost couldn’t see straight. She wouldn’t forgive this man for asking her that kind of question while they were doing this kind of thing in this kind of place.


JoonHun glared back at her with cold eyes. What kind of response did he expect to hear?


Foolish man.


“You’ve got a long way to go, Seo JoonHun. Do you really think you can satisfy me?”


Yuan laughed coldly as she spoke.


He wrapped his fingers around her neck. She could tell that he was bloodthirsty and wanted to kill her. Yuan didn’t dodge his hand or avoid his eyes. Fine. Kill me. You can always try and kill me. Her eyes were screaming these words at him.

She didn’t want to lose. She just didn’t want to lose to this man. Who do you think you are? How dare you humiliate me like this!


Seo JoonHun, you’re nothing. You’re merely a tool I used to achieve my goal. We’re nothing to each other! Absolutely nothing!


Thrust! The sound of slapping skin filled the room as he plunged into her. It was a cruel movement that no longer contained any restraint or mockery. Yuan shut her eyes tight as she silently laughed.


Yes, that’s it. Don’t act like you’re better than me, Seo JoonHun. You’re like every other man. You’ll leap at the chance to get more money or to satisfy your desires. You’re all foolish sons of bitches that will go blind with rage and jealousy.


Now everything began to shake. Everything had become twisted. She no longer cared for anything other than his fast and powerful thrusts. She felt like she was losing her mind. He continued to pump into her with torturous pleasure!

“Aagh!”


Yuan arched her back. His seed felt like molten lava as he found his release inside her. To her astonishment, she realized that he had forgotten to put on a condom. This was the first time he had finished inside of her, and it was a strange feeling.


“Condom”


She whispered but there was no response. He really had lost his mind. He pulled out of her and immediately flipped her body over. Before she could take another breath, he plunged back inside her from behind.


“JoonHun”


Yuan gripped the tatami mats in astonishment and called out his name. Even though he had just come, he hadn’t softened one bit. Instead, he continued to get thicker. She felt as if she was being ripped apart.

Haa. Yuan began to pant. Her vision went white before it began to shake once more. She reached out her arm and placed her hand on the paper sliding door. The bright peony flower in front of her eyes began to contort dizzily.


She really thought she’d lose her mind like this. She looked down and saw his brawny thighs and his thick cock. Underneath that, she could clearly see his dark scrotum shaking with his movements. She saw their combined fluids flow down and drip onto the floor.


Oh my god.


Yuan clenched her fingers on the floor. She felt as if the intense sensations were going to drive her crazy. However, she didn’t want JoonHun to find out. She didn’t want to crumble anymore than she already had.


At that moment, JoonHun grabbed her chest and the back of her neck and pulled her upright.


“NNo.”

Her body had already reached its peak. His cock plunged back inside her. Having already reached her limit, she couldn’t fend off against it any longer.


I think I’m going to go crazy!


Yuan frantically tried to rip his hands off her. At his slow, powerful thrusts, Yuan’s vision began to go white.


“Aagh!”


Yuan tried to remove her body from his embrace. However, she was still trapped within his arms and couldn’t move at all. One of his hands grasped her breasts and crushed it while the other hand began to push its way between her thighs.


“Aaaagh!”


Unable to take any more of the humiliation, Yuan tightly shut her eyes. As if this would all disappear once she closed her eyes. As he continued to pump into her, she felt her body climb up to

the peak once more.


No. This can’t happen. Enough!


However, her body didn’t have a sense of shame after having gone through a long drought. Her climax went through her like a tsunami, causing her to cry out.


“Aaaaaah!”


Her moan was the clearest proof of her pleasure.


Her juices drenched her thighs. She couldn’t stop her body from collapsing as it spasmed. Her whole body went limp as if she had melted. Tears of pleasure, joy, and humiliation spilled from her eyes. She hated him. She would never forgive him for making her like this.


“Would you look at that? Looks like you definitely enjoyed it.”

She trembled at his whisper. He turned her head around and bit her lips. She definitely felt him finish inside her again, his seed filling her up before dripping out of her. However, he didn’t stop.


“Mr JoonHun, please”


She cried as she pleaded with him. She thought she’d really lose her mind at this rate. The intense sensations were driving her insane.


“I was wrong, so please Enough”


“It’s too late, Min Yuan.”


He licked her cheek. The wet sounds began to speed up. She felt her entrance fill up as warmth began to permeate her lower stomach. Yuan struggled, but she collapsed once again. A shiver traveled from the top of head to the tips of her toes.


“Uaaaah! Aaah!”

Aagh, what do I do? Really, what do I do?!


“Haa, haaaa, haa.”


Yuan burst into flames. She really felt as if everything went white and she disappeared. The whole world disappeared. Her surroundings, TaeKyung, even the damn 500 billion. She couldn’t see anything. Only herself and JoonHun’s dominating body felt awfully real.


At the breathless pleasure, Yuan mindlessly stiffened. Her whole body went rigid. Then she fell.


Whatis this?


Yuan lowered her head as her lips trembled.


Feeling as if she had died and come back to life, Yuan lifted her trembling eyelids. She saw the restaurant’s tatami mat floor. She hated herself for being overcome by humiliation and pleasure. She wanted to turn around and kill Seo JoonHun.

He was still inside of her. She was still spasming around him as she continued to grip him tightly. The smell of sex permeated the room. She couldn’t remember the number of times they had climaxed.


How was she going to handle this moving forward? She wondered if she would even be able to leave this place. She couldn’t figure any of it out. Her arms began to tremble as she continued to hold herself up off the floor.


It was at that moment.


Yuan was shocked to find that the paper sliding door was still open by no more than 1 centimeter. Through the crack, she could see the shape of a person.


Someone is watching them!


They saw everything!


A shocking shudder traveled down her spine.

In that moment, one person entered her mind.


It didn’t make sense. However, Yuan had a hunch that the person behind the door was Yoon HeeSoo. The one person who couldn’t take her eyes off of her and JoonHun The person who entered the lounge when she heard JoonHun’s voice Yoon HeeSoo had frozen up as she watched them.


Suddenly, hot lips pressed against the nape of Yuan’s neck. It was JoonHun’s lips that had not cooled yet. Her husband was obsessed with the back of her neck and always nibbled her there during their afterplay. His cock was still inside her and twitched as he continued to rub against her body.


Yuan’s eyes were still glued to the slightly open paper sliding door.


“Director Seo already has a watch similar to this, Young Madame.”


Yuan recalled Yoon HeeSoo’s arrogant eyes as she said these words.

She couldn’t believe it. That woman is definitely crazy, too. However, rage began to take over. That bitch only watched as JoonHun had violated her like an animal.


Yuan couldn’t forgive her. She couldn’t forgive both of them. She broke out of the haze of pleasure as her eyes became alert and cold.


She removed her body. JoonHun reached to grab her lower stomach again, but she shoved his arm away as she reached for her coat on the ground. She draped the coat around her shoulders. Yuan turned around and faced JoonHun as she sat down.


“What are you doing?”


Seeing how her behavior wasn’t defiant, JoonHun raised an eyebrow.


“You don’t think sex is something you do on your own, do you?”

Yuan asked him coldly before hugging his neck. From Yoon HeeSoo’s point of view, she’d only be able to see JoonHun’s back and Yuan’s open legs. She wouldn’t be able to see where they were joined.


“So you’re saying that you want to go for another round?”


“It seems that I didn’t get enough.”


Her lips twisted as she gripped JoonHun’s hair. Surprised, JoonHun narrowed his eyes. Having realized the meaning behind her insulting words, his expression turned cold. But it didn’t matter.


She wasn’t in her right mind either. Inside her head, she only thought about pissing off Yoon HeeSoo.


That’s right. This is who I am.


Yuan wouldn’t continue to live quietly after taking a hit.
From her husband or from Yoon HeeSoo.

Her eyes began to fill with spite. Just like that, she lowered her body and swallowed up JoonHun’s cock. His stiff cock was still hard, but since he had come inside of her several times now, it was still covered in their fluids and smoothly entered her body. As JoonHun began to move, Yuan quietly ordered him.


“Don’t move.”


With that, she grabbed his hair and pulled his head back.


Crazy, this was really crazy. Feeling as if she had grabbed a beast with one hand, a thrilling pleasure spread inside her chest. In their 2 years of marriage, she had never attacked Seo JoonHun like this.


Whether JoonHun was also shocked or whether she was just that intense, Yuan wasn’t sure, but he had stiffened up and didn’t move.


She lowered her body. She took him in to the hilt. As she did this, she didn’t take her eyes off his. His black and cloudy eyes.

They were blank and cold, but they were definitely the eyes of a beast.


She twisted her hips and lowered it again. For a moment, his eyes twitched. Watching for that reaction, Yuan began to smoothly rotate her hips in a circle.


“Ugh.”


He let out a small groan. This was the first time he let out a groan other than when he climaxed. Feeling as if she was dominating him, Yuan began to feel better. She loosened her hold on his hair and began to stroke his masculine neck and wide shoulders as she rotated her hips.


Slowly. As if she was the most desirable woman in the world.


Along with the wet noises, his cock hardened even more. Every time her hips moved, her insides licked and sucked at him. She didn’t know that her body was doing this, and neither did he. She was moving as if she was trying to suck out his soul.

JoonHun’s face contorted. Redness began to creep up his neck. Yuan was surprised by this unexpected response, and her movements became bolder. Every time she stimulated him, a small explosion went off inside her. It felt as if hot water balloons were exploding, filling back up, and exploding again.


“Aah.”


Yuan threw her head back. Unable to hold back her movements, her torn blouse slid down and exposed one of her shoulders. That one movement seemed elegant and exquisite. Her every movement seemed sensual.


“Yuan!”


JoonHun called out her name.


However, no coldness remained in his voice. He sounded feverish, like a man who lost his soul.


Yuan’s body flinched and began to move again. Yuan didn’t

know what kind of voice he would have when he was aroused. She didn’t know how to describe what it felt like to hold him tightly inside her.


As the sound of their slapping skin echoed inside the room, he fiercely lifted his hips up into her. Before she could regain her senses, he pulled out and thrust back in.


Yuan raised her head and stared in Yoon HeeSoo’s direction. Even though it was impossible to tell, Yuan could feel that their eyes had met. No matter what happens, this man is crazy about me. Can’t you see?


“Yuan!”


He called out her name. He called out as if he was calling her for the first time. As if he was hypnotized, he called and called out her name. Their two bodies entwined together like snakes. They couldn’t tell whose arm or leg belonged to who. They mingled and tangled together until there was no gap between them.

“Haa!”


Yuan fell into the flames. She melted in the scorching heat. Her flesh, her bones, her fingers clutching his shoulders, her toes scraping the floor. All of it disappeared.


Everything disappeared into the faraway distance.


What did I just do?


Yuan finally realized how crazy she had acted and lifted her head. It was one thing to feel such a strong shudder go through her body for the first time in her life, but how could she explain why she had gone absolutely crazy at the thought of Yoon HeeSoo watching them?


Whether his anger had subsided due to his own shock, Yuan didn’t know, but he was currently helping Yuan into her ripped clothes with great care. If it wasn’t for her coat, they wouldn’t have been able to cover her body. Her panties had turned into unusable rags, and she wouldn’t be able to wear them anymore.

For some reason, the air around the couple seemed to have changed. Whenever JoonHun’s fingers touched her as he helped her with her clothes, her skin felt numb as if it had been burned.


Everything was too confusing. It wasn’t like this was their first time having sex with each other, but it still felt new. This was the first time she had initiated it. This was the first time she had seduced him.


She wanted to lose all memory of this incident. However, that wouldn’t happen. Yuan kept recalling the image of his face in front of her eyes. His slightly frowning expression, the groan he couldn’t hold back. His hair that she had tangled up with her fingers.


“Are you okay?”


His voice was calm as he asked her. She couldn’t find a trace of the fiercely burning rage that had come over them.


“I’m okay.”

Yuan answered blankly.


“If you’re tired, I can carry you.”


“Definitely not.”


Yuan quickly ran out of the room. Nobody was in the corridor. She now realized that the whole restaurant was empty. What happened? Did he Yuan turned around and asked.


“Did you reserve the whole restaurant today?”


JoonHun chuckled at her question. Did that mean that nobody would have looked inside their room through the window?


“Still, an employee could have seen.”

At her reproachful words, JoonHun shrugged his shoulders.


“Everyone knows what a wedding anniversary dinner actually means.”


‘Who would know that?’ Yuan wanted to yell back at him, but it was too late to argue about this now.


Yoon HeeSoo had already called for the car outside. Her eyes looked colder than usual. Even though this expression was delicious to see, Yuan suddenly felt that JoonHun was hateful. Just what was he doing with all this?


Vrooom, the car began to move. Yuan turned her head away and looked out the window as usual. His semen was still pooled inside her, and it felt uncomfortable. His thick scent covered her body like a perfume and was letting them know what they had just done.


JoonHun put his hand on her thigh. Startled, Yuan turned her head and looked at him. As he looked out the window, JoonHun pushed his hand in between her thighs.

Smack! Yuan fiercely hit his hand. Pfft. As he burst into laughter, his face didn’t seem like the normal face of Seo JoonHun.

Why did you go and do something like that?


Have you really lost your mind?


The next morning, Yuan stared at her mess of a face in the bathroom mirror as she berated herself. This wasn’t the time to be doing things like that with him. Seo JoonHun had ruined everything and was closing in on her right now!


To think that he put half of his assets on the line! Thanks to that, the sinking Dubai project had caught its second wind. Instead of tearing apart, R&K and HyunJin were on better terms after having weathered through this obstacle together.


And you went on top of him and rode him as all this was happening? As you wickedly rotated you’re hips and seduced him?


You stupid idiot, Min Yuan.

Last night, Yuan didn’t get a wink of sleep. She was worried about TaeKyung, but she couldn’t contact him because her cellphone had been taken away. She had managed to keep things from unraveling any further by claiming he was her lover, but if he was caught, it would be hard for him to escape with his life intact.


She had to help him escape no matter what.


Just in case, she had to get him out of Korea. Oppa would definitely say that she had to leave with him, but if she disappeared with him, it would look even more suspicious.


What was she going to do? How could she contact him?


“Alright, I understand now. Then have a good time meeting with Lee TaeKyung, Min Yuan. Don’t contact him in the bathroom like that. It doesn’t suit you. If we ever get bored with our partners, why don’t we try going for a threesome? Maybe we can even try swapping partners. I’ll arrange it if you ever feel up to it.”

She suddenly recalled JoonHun’s words to her before he had made her nearly pass out yesterday. What? Have a good time with Lee TaeKyung? So he was saying that it was okay to just meet him in public, right? And if we ever felt bored, we could call our partners over and have a threesome or swap?


He’d allow for all that but not a divorce?


It didn’t make any sense. She couldn’t do it anymore. She couldn’t continue to play the role of his wife.


Last night was strange. After last night’s incident, a strange atmosphere had developed between them. Whenever they brushed against each other, a current traveled to the spot they touched. The aftermath of yesterday’s events prickled her skin.


“Get yourself together, Min Yuan.”


Yuan warned herself as she looked at her own reflection in the mirror. First things first, she needed to tell TaeKyung-oppa what she had learned. They needed to retrieve the 500 billion won before its whereabouts were found out. If they had that

money, they might be able to find another opportunity in the future.


When Yuan left the bathroom, she saw Yoon HeeSoo standing by as usual. She didn’t know what she could be thinking at this moment, but her cold face framed by her bob-cut hair didn’t reveal anything.


“The director is waiting for you in the dining room.”


Her voice wasn’t different from usual. Yuan didn’t reply and silently sat in front of her vanity and began to put on her earrings.


Today, Yuan was wearing a simple ivory dress with pearl earrings. She liked her usual quiet, poised style. She planned on killing and burying the seductress from last night.


“What would you like to do with the anniversary present?”


Yuan heard Yoon HeeSoo’s voice once again. For some reason,

it sounded like it was covered in thorns. Of course. After seeing them last night, there was no way she’d be comfortable with this.


Just what are they doing


Yuan glanced at Secretary Yoon through the mirror and replied.


“Hand me the box. I’ll just give it to him now.”


Suddenly, the watch box fell onto the vanity table with a thud. Immediately, Yuan heard Yoon HeeSoo’s haughty voice as she met her eyes through the mirror.


“Ah, my apologies. My hand slipped”


Yuan gazed at her coldly. What did it matter? No matter what kind of relationship JoonHun had with this woman, or no matter how much this woman hated her, it would all come to an end anyway.

“Also, you have dinner at the main house scheduled for today.”


Yuan had forgotten about that. As she thought about her father-in-law Seo JaeHyuk, her complexion stiffened.


“Was that today?”


“Yes.”


Once every month, the HyunJin family members got together at the main house and shared a meal. They all met in the ridiculous name of family harmony while they talked about how much more money they’d make as they ripped each other apart.


“Secretary Yoon, please take care of the gifts for that as you always do.”


“Yes, I understand.”

Yuan didn’t want to prepare the formal gifts she had to bring for something like that.


Picking up JoonHun’s present, Yuan got up from her seat and exited the room. She walked along the corridor. Like any other day, Secretary Yoon promptly walked behind her. It almost felt as if the ex-wife was bringing the husband’s lover to him. It was nauseating. This whole situation felt like trash.


No matter what


As she walked along the beautiful corridor, Yuan thought to herself.


No matter what, let’s end this shitty situation.


The spring sunlight entered through the windows. Outside the windows, Yuan could see the tender, yellow rapeseed blossoms and the red peonies signaling the new spring. As she entered the dining room, she saw that Seo JoonHun was already sitting in front of the wide table.

His black hair was swept to the side with its usual, clean style. His cold eyes didn’t look up at her as he read his documents. Wearing a white collared shirt with a light gray necktie underneath his suit jacket, he looked like a businessman right out of a fashion magazine.


Yuan felt as if everything had returned to normal.


However, now she knew what kind of man hid behind that facade. Suddenly, she recalled the way his eyes looked last night as he approached her. His messy hair, his usually cold eyes burning in flames, his shadow hanging over her as he looked at her with longing


Ba-dump, Yuan’s heart began to race.


Crazy, Min Yuan, stop it!


Yuan clenched the watch box.


“Did you sleep well?”

Thankfully, her voice sounded the same as usual.


“No.”


JoonHun’s voice sounded the same as usual too, but his reply was different.


“What?”


“I didn’t sleep well.”


He turned his head and looked at her.


“Thanks to you.”


Yuan blushed. She pressed her lips as she slightly glared at him. His dark chocolate eyes looked back at her. Damn it. She quickly turned away. She didn’t even want to know why he said that.

“Please give me some coffee.”


In a low voice, she spoke to Choi Myung. As always, he poured the coffee diligently.


As the coffee trickled into the cup, its warm fragrance wafted into the air. The teaspoon clinked against the cup as she added the sugar. The only other sound in the dining room was the rustling of papers as JoonHun read his documents.


“This is”


After she took a sip of the coffee, Yuan lowered the cup and pushed the box she had brought with her towards JoonHun.


“It’s your anniversary present.”


He glanced up.

He had gifted her with high-end diamonds. It had been a necklace with two loops that had been perfectly connected. The name of the necklace was ‘Eternity’. Because of its meaning of everlasting love, Yuan had been horrified, but it wasn’t polite to return it back to him either.


“It’s a watch.”


Without opening the box, JoonHun guessed correctly. A watch was the simplest way for a man to show off his luxurious status, so he recognized the brand right away.


“I like it.”


He didn’t look at the watch and spoke. How sincere.


“I’m glad.”


Yuan coldly answered as she raised her cup of coffee again. She relaxed a bit. She liked this normal, dry atmosphere. As he continued to look over his documents, JoonHun spoke.

“Secretary Yoon, leave the room.”


At his words, Yoon HeeSoo startled and raised her head.


“Excuse me?”


“I’m asking you to leave us. Wait outside.”


At his words, Yoon HeeSoo’s face became colder than ever.
Until yesterday, he had never spoken to her so coldly in public.


However, JoonHun was clearly her boss. She lowered her head and left the dining room.


“Starting today, I’m going to assign Secretary Yoon to work at the main office.”


Not long after Yoon HeeSoo left the dining room, JoonHun told Yuan the news indifferently.

“What?”


Yuan’s hand stopped as she was about to take another sip of coffee.


“Weren’t you uncomfortable with her?”


JoonHun raised his eyes and looked at her. Yuan’s fingers clenched the handle of her cup. She didn’t know how to interpret this. So what? Are you telling me that by assigning her to the main office, you want to keep her by your side?


Yuan barely stopped the words from leaving her mouth.


“Why? I’m fine with it.”


She slowly took a sip of coffee and swallowed.


“That’s not what it seemed like last night”

“Our privacy.”


Yuan spoke in a low voice as she lowered her cup and placed it back on the table.


“Didn’t we agree not to be concerned?”


She was wearing a subtle smile, but she still spoke in her cold voice.


As a chilly silence settled in the room. JoonHun continued to gaze at her. What do you want?


The other people in the room were still moving around them. The damn surveillance cameras in the dining room were also recording them.


“Will everyone leave us for a moment?”

JoonHun suddenly spoke up.


Everyone froze and stopped what they were doing.


What? Yuan raised an eyebrow.


It was time to go to work. She was curious as to why he was doing this. JoonHun and Yuan were always punctual when it came to their work schedules. Choi Myung began to leave the room and the other assistants followed suit. JoonHun took out his smartphone and made a call.


“Please turn off all the cameras in the house.”


Yuan stared at him in shock. Turn off the cameras? Why?


Suddenly, he got up. As she stared at him in confusion, she suddenly recognized the look in his eyes. No way

“Mr JoonHun!”


He heard his wife’s shocked voice, but JoonHun couldn’t take it anymore. He grabbed her hips and placed her on top of the table. The vase of fragrant, spring flowers rattled, and the expensive dishes clinked as they shook, but he couldn’t do anything about it now.


“Why are you doing this?”


Why are you doing this? He wanted to ask her that same question. Why are you really doing this, Min Yuan?


Something definitely happened last night. Something completely different. Something they had never experienced before.


But Yuan returned to her cold self and disappeared behind her wall. Like a never-ending song, she transformed back into his contract wife.

Did you feel nothing last night?


What did you do to me yesterday?


He was not a teenager ruled by his sexual desires. It’s not like he was unfamiliar with women either. However, yesterday’s Min Yuan knocked down every single experience he’d ever had with her intensity.


“Don’t move.”


Who’d believe that her voice had truly paralyzed him? Who’d believe that he, Seo JoonHun, had become an obedient beast with one word as she grabbed his hair?


Did he have masochistic inclinations? No, definitely not. If any other woman had said that to him, he would definitely have exploded in anger.


So Min Yuan was the problem.

As if she was humiliating him. When she coldly looked down at him and grabbed him, he couldn’t explain why he felt a shiver run down his spine.


Something was wrong. One of the many explanations he could come up with was that he had encountered an error in his brain.


However, what happened after that was the problem. His body wouldn’t cool down all night. His wife’s voice, her eyes, her body Every time he recalled those images, his cock hardened.


Unless he had gone crazy, this loss of control was impossible. He had groaned all night long as he tried to soothe his throbbing cock. Even after taking five or six cold showers, he still wasn’t able to fall asleep.


Damn it. This didn’t make any sense.


Around dawn, he was standing in front of his wife’s bedroom door. He found out that she had locked the door and had even put a chair behind it to make sure he couldn’t get inside.

However, this morning, she approached him with a calm, clear expression. As if last night had been a short dream, she was now wearing a simple dress with pearl earrings. No matter how one looked at her, she looked like a virtuous wife.


Then she said it. She said that they shouldn’t be involved in the other’s privacy.


What? Privacy? That damn privacy. She had driven him absolutely crazy and now wanted to kill him too.


“Mr JoonHun!”


Shocked, Yuan blocked him with both of her hands. Her pale hand went on top of his suit jacket. She still wasn’t wearing her wedding ring.


Laughter burst out of his lips. Him, her, this damn marriage.
He wanted to throw all of it away.


“Why are you doing this?”

“I should have told you this clearly yesterday, but I think I got too worked up and forgot to tell you.”


“Back up first.”


“Yoon HeeSoo isn’t my lover.”


Yuan stiffened.


“What?”


“I don’t know how you came to that misunderstanding, but I have no interest in Yoon HeeSoo at all. If I did, I would never have put her by your side. What do you take me for, a psychopath?”


But


Then what was that night all about?

“However, I am very interested in you.”


His hand slid up her leg. Yuan gasped in shock and quickly grabbed his hand.


“Why are you like this? Do you know what time it is? It’s time to go to work”


JoonHun didn’t reply and wordlessly pulled up the skirt of her dress. Shocked, Yuan blocked his hand.


“Are you crazy? You can’t do this.”


“That’s what you said last night.”


Underneath her ivory lace panties, he got a glimpse of her dark curls.


“Mr JoonHun!”

He shoved his hand underneath her panties. Unlike her objections, inside


She was wet.


Surprised, both of them breathed in and looked at each other. Their eyes spoke more than a hundred words as they gazed at each other.

JoonHun took out his hand before moving her panties to the side. Underneath the sunlight, her vagina was already drenched in her juices.


Ugh, Yuan groaned unintentionally as she bit her lips.


“Why is it already like this?”


“Let me go!”


“Is it because of me?”


He inserted his finger into her entrance. Yuan fiercely struggled as she tried to push him off. In the process, her cup of coffee fell off the table and rolled onto the carpet.


“Mr JoonHun, please.”

“I told you to stop being coy, Yuan. I’m getting tired of it.”


I’m really going to lose my mind. Yuan was so angry that she drew her leg back to kick him away but ended up lying down on the table in the process. The vase was knocked down. The water flowed out as the spring flowers scattered across the table.


JoonHun laughed. He had also lost his mind. While he was overwhelmed with jealousy and lust, his wife also looked extremely beautiful as she was spread out on top of the table underneath him.


“Yuan.”


He unconsciously called out her name. As she yelled out for him to stop, he quickly suppressed her shout by covering her mouth with his. Their tongues tangled as he plunged his finger further into her entrance.


“Haaa.”

Yuan moaned. She was still sensitive from yesterday. Her swollen petals closed around his finger and trembled. With his thumb, JoonHun pressed down on her peak and rubbed it quickly.


The wet sounds, her sobbing cries, the sound of another cup tipping over on the table Following these noises, Yuan heard JoonHun unbuckling his belt.


“No! You beast”


She mumbled the words into his mouth. She heard JoonHun’s muffled laughter. His swollen cock plunged into her entrance and the table shook with the force.


“Aahh.”


Yuan clenched her teeth to withstand the surge of violent pleasure. Her body, still excited from yesterday, jolted at the sensation.

“No.”


Her vision became hazy. An intense climax similar to yesterday’s was building up again. She couldn’t believe this.


Zip, JoonHun unzipped her dress. That sound alone excited her even further. JoonHun stuck his lips onto her pale neck. He bit her neck and furiously sucked.


“Agh, aaahhh, ah.”


Yuan trembled when she realized that the strange moans echoing through the dining room were her own. The heels she had been wearing were now dangling on her feet before falling to the floor.


As the sounds of their skin slapping increased along with JoonHun’s thrusts, the rest of the objects on top of the table began to shake. The dishes rattled before crashing down onto the floor.

“J-Mr JoonHun!”


Her whole body was flushed. She felt as if she’d melt and disappear. As he continued to thrust his cock into her, she felt like she was going to catch on fire. No, it felt more like she was being electrocuted. Her body wouldn’t stop shaking and trembling.


“I can’t anymore Enough, please stop”


She grabbed his hair and tried to pull him away. However, JoonHun just pounded harder. She couldn’t stop her moans. She felt as if she was going to lose her mind. As if he’d really gone insane, JoonHun violently shoved his cock into her.


Everything on top of the table began to shake and rattle loudly. Yuan couldn’t take it anymore and arched her hips. As her climax began to wash over her, Yuan bit the back of her hand to muffle her cries. JoonHun’s movements became more forceful.


“Haaa, nnnng.”

Yuan shook her head, but it didn’t stop the incoming flood of pleasure. The intense wave swallowed her whole and hurled her to the floor as her lower stomach trembled.


“Haa haaa”


JoonHun’s hot, shaky breaths tickled her ears. He brought her to his chest and embraced her, picking her up and taking her to the baroque-style sofa by the window. With JoonHun still inside her, Yuan trembled as she felt his scrotum brush against her.


“Work Please go to work.”


Yuan begged him. JoonHun shoved her onto the couch and laid her down. He lifted both of her legs and rested them on top of his shoulders. With her upper body sinking into the sofa, Yuan’s entrance was gripping him tightly as the sunlight shone down on her.


With a thrust, JoonHun’s cock plunged further inside.

Yuan lifted her hand and grasped JoonHun’s arm. She felt the rough texture of his suit jacket.


JoonHun lowered his body and completely embraced her as he dominated her. With her whole body restrained, Yuan was unable to move. She couldn’t stop his penetrations.


“Hnnng.”


Moans escaped her lips once more. Yuan’s pink entrance being plundered by JoonHun’s cock was illuminated by the sunlight.


Yuan clenched her hand on JoonHun’s arm, her fingers going white with the force. JoonHun began to move frantically once again. Reason and self-control had completely left him. He was now moving like a savage beast.


Thrust, thrust, thrust, thrust. The quick sounds of their skin slapping filled the room. The muffled sounds of their moans came out strangled. The furniture around them began to shake with the force of his thrusts, and the picturesque image of the

room began to rock back and forth.


Another climax approached them.


The pleasure rocked her body. Yuan couldn’t block it and parted her lips. She struggled to breathe, almost as if all the air had left the room. Completely drowning in pleasure, all poise had left her body.


JoonHun’s pants brushed over her wet, trembling lips. As if he’d die if he wasn’t inside her, JoonHun’s muscles tensed up as he pounded into her.


Save me.


Yuan trembled as she thought to herself.


Please, enough.

Someone please block this sensation!


However, that wish didn’t come true. Everything inside the room was breaking to pieces. No, everything related to her was being destroyed. Her carefully styled hair, her graceful, ivory dress, her shaking pearl earrings All of it was lost.


She couldn’t think about anything. Everything had been erased, and only this lunacy remained. Since yesterday, she was driving a derailed train.


His body was incredibly hot as he embraced her. His cock inside her felt hotter.


His embrace seemed warmer than usual as he held her bare skin.


It almost felt as if they had truly become one.


“No”

Yuan spoke honestly. No. Please, it can’t happen. This sensation, this feeling, this Seo JoonHun! It can’t happen.


However, she wasn’t able to stop it. She couldn’t push it away.


JoonHun was coming after her like a beast and ripping her apart. The persistent sunlight shone as the curtains shook. The brightly decorated spring flowers trembled as if there was an earthquake. The scent of their bodies mixed in with the sweet fragrance. Gradually, the smell of their fluids permeated the room.


“Don’t take any contraceptives from now on.”


JoonHun licked off their mixed fluids from between her thighs as he spoke. Yuan was so exhausted that she couldn’t understand what he was saying.


JoonHun raised his body and kissed her lips. She couldn’t understand the look in his deep, dark eyes. As his tongue entered her mouth, it tasted strange.

“Let’s have a child, Min Yuan.”


He zipped up her dress and tried his best to smooth her tangled hair as he spoke. Yuan was sprawled out on the couch, completely blank. She had been ravaged so suddenly, and in the end, they had done it twice within an hour.


She was tired of questioning her sanity. She couldn’t even lift a finger. As if he was sorry to leave for work, JoonHun’s hand was still underneath her dress, caressing her bottom.


Suddenly, JoonHun’s cellphone rang. JoonHun reluctantly looked at the screen. Yuan could see that the caller ID was in English: ‘Derrick’.


JoonHun got up and answered the call.


“Yeah.”


Without a greeting, he got straight to the point. He didn’t say a word and merely listened to what the caller was saying. As he

continued to listen, JoonHun glanced at Yuan for a moment.


What was it? Yuan looked up at him. She felt as if the call had something to do with her.


“Call me back later.”


JoonHun spoke a bit coldly and ended the call.


“Can you walk back to your room?”


Yuan wanted to say, ‘Of course.’ However, she didn’t have the strength to move her lips. She couldn’t move a muscle.


As he looked down at Yuan, JoonHun grinned. He lowered his lips to hers once again. As he kissed her lips, Yuan felt them tingle. She closed her eyes tightly and turned her head.


She felt his hands close around her hips. By the time he lifted

her up into the air, Yuan had already fallen asleep.



Standing in the center of the cluttered room, Yoon HeeSoo didn’t move a muscle. All the household employees around her were cleaning the clutter and mumbling about how bad this couple fight had been to make such a mess.


Yoon HeeSoo gazed at the tipped vase and the scattered spring flowers, the coffee cup that had shattered on the floor, the tumbled chairs Her eyes went to the sofa.


On the bottom of the sofa, there was a small stain. It almost looked as if something had dripped onto that spot and dried up.


My god. She unconsciously clenched her fist.


She suddenly recalled what she had seen last night through the crack in the door. Min Yuan’s long hair, her one revealed shoulder, and the sight of Seo JoonHun’s profile as he bit her shoulder, unable to hold back his pleasure.

For a moment, she felt as if her heart had frozen solid.


She had imagined multiple times what JoonHun’s face would look like in the middle of sex. He had several lovers, but they all said that he was too cold. Cold? JoonHun’s face last night had no trace of coldness at all.


Seo JoonHun with his face contorted in desire, his disheveled hair.


Did they this morning? Did he do it with that woman over here?


She had a bad feeling when she was suddenly told to leave the dining room. However, she could hardly believe it when he also ordered for the cameras inside the house to be turned off. How could he order that knowing what was happening right now?


500 billion won from the Dubai project had disappeared. It was definitely the work of a strong hacking operation. The hacker had even used JoonHun’s personal ID. The HyunJin backup  servers  inside  the  basement  of  this  house  and

JoonHun’s ID


Did it really have nothing to do with Min Yuan?


Didn’t JoonHun have the same suspicions?


She could hardly believe it when JoonHun handed over the smartphone. Just what had Min Yuan been doing in the department store bathroom? There wasn’t any data left in the empty smartphone. The chip had been taken out.


However, an app had been installed on the phone. CCT. It was an app that was developed in the U.S. and was known to have the best security. It was widely used by people that had secrets to hide.


Who did Min Yuan contact using this app and why?


HeeSoo couldn’t trust Min Yuan. She always looked calm, but she was the young madame of HyunJin who never revealed her true thoughts. She behaved properly and appropriately, but she

never revealed her joy or sorrow.


HeeSoo had known JoonHun for a long time. They were friends since high school, and to be honest, she liked him since then too. He was cold and made everyone feel tense, but as the heir of HyunJin, he attracted everyone in the school.


When she found out that she would be able to be by his side on the student council, she was elated. She was careful not to try and charm him like all the other bitches that tried to win him over. She knew that JoonHun only looked down on those kind of women the more they tried to seduce him.


She tried hard to understand him, and whenever he showed an interest in something, she made sure to bring it up to him in order to appeal to him. Yoon HeeSoo was different from other women. She didn’t want to approach him as a woman but as a partner who had the same goals as him.


Did that strategy work?


JoonHun shared certain things only with her. The economy,

new trends, plans for the company’s brand marketing and strategy He talked to her about all these topics openly.


All the other women were merely sex partners, but he acknowledged her as a peer. Only God knew how hard HeeSoo worked to get here for him.


But what was this?


The person who stood by his side was a doll called Min Yuan. A woman who was born with a golden spoon in her mouth, whose only accomplishment was to be born as the daughter of R&K, had become JoonHun’s wife.


R&K’s household issues were well known throughout the financial world. To the outside world, it may have looked like President Min had married, become widowed, and remarried. However, behind the scenes, he had messed with countless women, and there were several women who had died after they couldn’t fight back against his sexual assaults.


Even though it had gotten a bit better lately, President Min’s

management style was no different from a gangster’s. He was willing to take any risk to get what he wanted.


So it was obvious what the daughter of that kind of household would be like. An airhead of a woman who only pretended to be graceful. She acted coy and pretended to be elegant, but would flip out at the drop of a hat.


Disgusting.


HeeSoo clenched her teeth as she approached the sofa and pointed at it.


“Throw this away.”


“Excuse me?”


An employee that had been cleaning lifted her head.

“What do you This is a wedding gift from R&K”


“I said throw it away.”


Yoon HeeSoo spoke to the employee in a cold voice. How dare she reject her orders? The employee bitterly replied that she understood. HeeSoo turned her eyes back to the sofa.


“Secretary Yoon.”


She heard the voice of Secretary Kang behind her. HeeSoo quickly composed herself and put on a small smile before turning around.


“Yes, Secretary Kang.”


“Uh”


Secretary Kang fixed his glasses on his nose before slowly

choosing his words. She really hated that habit of his. That habit where he always fidgeted and awkwardly glanced around. He was like that during sex as well.


“I’m in a bit of a hurry, so could you make it quick?”


“The director has assigned you to work in the main office starting today.”


“What?”


Yoon HeeSoo’s face stiffened.


“Why?”


The main office? What was this all of a sudden?


“It looks like there are too many vacancies in the planning department. We can’t just bring in new hires to a place like

that”


Stop speaking nonsense. What vacancy? There were many skillful people within HyunJin that were already chomping at the bit to get into that department


Could it be


“Did the young madame say something?”


At her question, Secretary Kang flinched and raised his head in surprise.


“No, she didn’t. They just needed reinforcements”


Secretary Kang’s cheeks reddened as he stared at HeeSoo.


What an idiot. HeeSoo clenched her teeth. This meant that she would be placed further away from JoonHun further

away from this house.


Yoon HeeSoo grit her teeth and clenched her fists. She recalled the sight of Min Yuan through the crack in the door. She clearly remembered the way she looked as she pulled Seo JoonHun into her embrace.

“Let’s have a child, Min Yuan.”


Yuan woke up with a start. She saw the familiar ceiling above her. She quickly sat up.


“Let’s have a child, Min Yuan.”


Seo JoonHun definitely said those words as he caressed her cheek.


With shock still lingering in her eyes, Yuan looked around at her surroundings. Her bed She was in her room. The curtains were closed, blanketing the room in darkness. What time was it? What happened? She remembered JoonHun carrying her back to her room. She suddenly remembered what they had done in the dining hall that morning.


Oh my god! Just what did they What was!

Her vision turned pitch black. She didn’t know when things started to take a turn for the worse. First things first, she needed to get ahold of herself. No matter what


“Hng.”


As Yuan was rushing off the bed, she felt a surge of pain in her lower abdomen and hips and doubled over. It was the result of their intense actions from yesterday and today.


This was the first time her body had become weak like this. It was all thanks to the fact that she had stopped working out 2 years ago in fear of being caught. Yuan clenched her teeth and got up from her seat. She looked at her smartphone on the bedside table and saw that it was a little past 4 PM. To think that she slept this late And she had to go to the HyunJin house to have dinner today


At that moment, she heard someone knock on the door.


“Young Madame?”

It was Choi Myung.


“Ah, yes?”


“Have you woken up?”


“Yes.”


“The car will be leaving at 6 PM. Please get ready and come to the dining hall. You should eat something light before you leave.”


Yuan didn’t move and just stared at the door. She remembered JoonHun telling her that he was planning on transferring Secretary Yoon to the main office. Did he really do it?


“Young Madame?”

“Ah alright.”


She quickly answered and stood up. She didn’t know what was happening, but she needed to get ready for now. It seemed that after JoonHun had messed with her, she had fallen asleep. She took a few steps towards the bathroom. Suddenly, something began flow out of her.


Shocked, Yuan stopped in her tracks. It was his semen. Damn it


She muttered. She recalled JoonHun’s voice as he brought up having a child.


Never. Absolutely not. Seo JaeHyuk’s grandchild If she was to bear the next heir of the Seo family, she’d rather hang herself.


She needed to end things as soon as possible. No matter what.


Yuan wiped the steam off the mirror. She saw the reflection of

her terrified, pale face.


Why are you like this? Are you crazy? Did you forget why you even married Seo JoonHun? No matter what happens, you can’t be with him.


She opened the cabinet and took out the USB and a thin pen. She had to leave no matter what it took. Her hand began to tremble.


Two hours later, Yuan looked as perfect as always as she approached the black car. Her clean, Prussian blue two-piece outfit suited her pale complexion. Her hair was tied back in a tidy updo, every single hair in place. She held a blue purse with golden embroidery as she waited for Choi Myung to open the car door. She carefully got inside.


“I will be assisting you for the time being.”


When she heard Choi Myung’s diligent voice, Yuan replied.

“I will be in your care.”


She didn’t know what else to say.


Through the tinted windows, Yuan watched the city landscape of Seoul pass by. Underneath the neon signs, the people were busily crossing the street. Watching the restless people finish up their day, Yuan felt as if they were part of a tranquil painting. She clenched her cold hands.


Once a month. Yuan had to visit her in-laws once a month for dinner, and it was always torturous. Hiding their fierce ambitions deep within their hearts, the family members of HyunJin always wore a fake smile, but they weren’t the reason for her dread.


Seo JaeHyuk. She couldn’t stand seeing that man.


The cold gleam in Yuan’s eyes slowly faded away.


The car raced through the Seoul traffic and finally arrived at

the SeongBuk district .


Unlike Gangnam, the surroundings here were calm and quiet. An overgrown forest surrounded the houses. Like enormous, sleeping dinosaurs, the black houses looked like they were breathing in the dark.


The garage door slowly went up and the car went inside. JoonHun’s car wasn’t here yet. Yuan got out of the car and headed for the elevator with Choi Myung.


“Did you come separately?”


When Yuan entered the house, JoonHun’s aunt, Kim HyoJung, greeted her first.


“Ah, yes. Have you been well?”


Yuan politely lowered her head as she greeted her. After JoonHun’s mother’s death around ten years ago, President Seo did  not  remarry.  Thanks  to  that,  JoonHun’s  aunt,  Kim

HyoJung, became the de facto mistress of the house.


“Yeah. Did you gain some weight?”


Even as she glanced at Yuan’s slim figure, HyoJung took the first shot with her question.


“That’s what happens when a woman only stays at home and lazes around. Is there another woman in this world that has it as good as you do?”


Her open hostility was clearly reflected in her eyes.


Yuan knew how things were run in this house. It was no different than the R&K household. The thought of calling these people family felt absolutely terrible. They all didn’t hide their wild ambition.


President Seo’s household motto could be put into one phrase. ‘The winner gets all.’ It was run purely by logic and profit. A man who earned a lot got a lot in return. However, a man who

lost wouldn’t even get the crumbs.


She found out about how JoonHun had entered this household after their marriage.


President Seo, who had no interest in marriage, had been seeing a woman for a short while. Because she had birthed his one and only son, he took her as his wife. However, that was the limit of their father-son relationship. Seo JaeHyuk only cared about whether he could hand over the company to JoonHun or not.


JoonHun and his cousins were all rivals fighting to become the heir to the company. From a young age, the three of them had their skills and their accomplishments thoroughly analyzed, and based on that, they received shares of the company. How they were treated depended on how clever their projects were and how much profit was gained.


Having the best performance, JoonHun would be the successor to the company. Having survived up to now with their shabby skills, it was only a matter of time before the cousins’ roles in the company were minimized.

‘The Tropical’ was Seo JoonHun’s most promising project. When that project went up in flames, what would his future look like?


In the end, the always-victorious Seo JoonHun would end up losing everything. In some way, JoonHun putting half of his assets on the line to save this project was understandable. However


Yuan clenched her hands as she quickly brushed off the thought. What’s done is done.


“Have you visited the new hotel your uncle has opened recently?”


HyoJung entered the dining room and began to adjust the flower centerpiece on the table.


“Yes, I have. Aunt, you’re the one who decorated it, right?
The interior was very elegant.”

“Isn’t it? Haa Do you know how hard it was to editing those designs? Every design that was brought to me was absolute dog shit Fuck, those lowlives are being paid for nothing”


As expected, it started. The banquet of Kim HyoJung’s rough curses.


It was as if someone had painted a piece of shit gold. Yuan felt as if she could actually smell that sickening scent. She didn’t say anything and calmly stayed where she was.


Kim HyoJung continued to curse endlessly. From the design of the plates on the table, the cleanliness of the windowsills, and even the behaviors of the employees. She had a plethora of topics to curse about. Right around the time Yuan really thought she’d lose her mind, President Seo, Uncle Seo MoonHyuk, and JoonHun entered the dining room.


At that moment, Kim HyoJung finally shut her mouth. Yuan glanced at JoonHun. He looked calm as always. He was speaking to his father about something. For some unknown reason, Yuan’s heart felt heavy, but wasn’t because of Seo JoonHun. This was a reaction to Seo JaeHyuk, her father-in-law.

“You came?”


JoonHun’s uncle, Seo MoonHyuk, greeted Yuan first.


“Ah, yes. Have you been well?”


Yuan gently lowered her head. MoonHyuk looked a lot like President Seo, but he was even more vulgar. President Seo didn’t greet Yuan and just stared at her. She felt as if a cold blade was cutting through her chest.


“Have you been well?”


Yuan erased her emotions and calmly greeted him.


“Yeah.”


He didn’t say anything else. However, President Seo left JoonHyun and approached her. With a gracious smile on his

face, he looked completely different than when he spoke to his actual family members. President Seo didn’t even show this kind of attention to his son, so Yuan became nervous.


“Yes?”


“Your face has become thin. Are you feeling sick?”


“No, sir.”


Yuan lowered her eyes as always and politely responded.
President Seo looked at Yuan for a bit before speaking.


“Alright, come and sit.”


Yuan silently followed him inside. JoonHun and Yuan, President Seo, the aunt and uncle, their two children and their respective spouses. When all nine of them had found their seats around the table, the dinner banquet dishes came out.

Inside the gold-accented room with many priceless paintings on the walls, Yuan was served the food prepared by the best chefs. Even with all this, she couldn’t find any satisfaction.


“How is the Dubai matter coming along?”


JoonHun’s uncle, Seo MoonHyuk, raised his liquor glass as he asked.


“You’re not planning on losing all that money, are you? All the stockholders are panicking right now.”


His snake-like eyes turned to President Seo as he spoke.


“You all claimed that this was the golden goose, but it’s just a total shitshow.”


“Watch your language, Uncle.”

JoonHun spoke coldly.


“The project is moving forward as planned, and we’ve also found some clues related to the culprit.”


Yuan’s hand holding her fork stopped moving.


“You’ve got something? Who is it? Who is this bastard?!”


The uncle’s voice instantly became sharp.


“As we were following the trail of money, we came across a strange name.”


“So who is it?!”


“I can’t possibly reveal that here.”

“What did you say?”


A silver knife fell onto the plate with a clang.


“You bastard”


Boom!	Seo	JaeHyuk	banged	his	fist	down	on	the	table.
Everybody stiffened in shock.


President Seo’s menacing eyes glared at Seo MoonHyuk. Seo MoonHyuk turned his head away as he cleared his throat awkwardly. President Seo silently began to cut his steak.


Yuan didn’t move an inch. What did JoonHun find out?
Whose name?


She lifted her head and glanced at him. He was looking at Yuan. Apprehension crept over her. He was looking at her coldly as if he knew everything. Yuan’s heart twisted inside her chest.

“Why aren’t you eating?”


She heard President Seo’s voice. Startled, Yuan turned to look at him. As if he was truly worried for her, President Seo was gazing at Yuan with concern.


“Is the food not to your liking? You ate this so well last time, so I specifically chose this dish again”


“No, it’s delicious.”


Yuan carefully replied.


“If you don’t like it, just ask them to make you something else.
No need to force yourself to eat it.”


“Yes, sir.”


She quietly answered and turned her head back. President

Seo’s kindness was dreadful. His reason for choosing Yuan as his daughter-in-law made her sick to her stomach. As he gazed at her profile, she could guess who he was seeing instead, and it made things even worse.


However, President Seo wasn’t the main problem. She had no idea what clue Seo JoonHun had found, and it was driving her crazy. She raised her head again. Those endless black eyes were still looking at her.


That gaze was quite different from the one this morning. She felt as if it was going to burn her alive. Yuan didn’t move a muscle.


She had a bad feeling about this.

“I’ll drive today.”


Choi Myung and Yuan were both surprised to hear JoonHun say that.


The dinner had finally ended. It felt like everyone was walking on thin ice. JoonHun didn’t have many words to say as always. However, unlike this morning, JoonHun was tense. Yuan also felt that this all had to do with the money that had vanished.


After the meal was over, the uncle and aunt nagged JoonHun for an answer, but they never got one. JoonHun kept his mouth shut and merely sipped his tea.


And as they were about to go back home, JoonHun said that he would take Yuan back himself.


“I understand.”

Choi Myung stepped back and replied. JoonHun opened the passenger side door and looked at Yuan. She realized that this was the first time they’d be alone in a car together.


The sedan departed with a vroom. It was tense inside the car and a heavy silence hung in the air. Yuan’s fingers fidgeted with her purse. The golden threads were curling its design all over surface of the bag.


She thought about the items inside her bag, and her head felt foggy.


The dark night fell over the road, and everything was silent. The car was not headed in the direction of their house, but Yuan didn’t ask where they were going.


How long had they been on the road? As they were about to reach the Han River, JoonHun finally spoke.


“About your private life, Lee TaeKyung he is quite an interesting person.”

At his words, Yuan froze up. Her hand clenched her purse.


“I only knew him as President Min’s driver’s son. That’s what was in the preliminary report.”


The streetlamps passed by in a whir.


“But as I looked into it a bit further, I found out that he isn’t the driver’s biological son.”


Yuan didn’t move and continued to look at the taillights of the car in front of them. The lights looked like the eyes of a demon looking back at her and filled her with fear. They were like his unblinking eyes that were currently staring at her.


Mom


Yuan called out for her mother, but the person that would respond to the call had already passed away long ago.

“It seems that Lee TaeKyung was born in the United States. I never knew he had dual citizenship. His other name is Jordan K. Han, right? That’s the name on his US papers”


Yuan now forgot how to breathe. Jordan K. Han. That was correct. It was TaeKyung-oppa’s real name. He was born in the state of Minnesota, and thanks to birthright citizenship, he was automatically a citizen of the United States. Under the name of Jordan K. Han.


When he was twelve years old, he came to Korea and became driver WooKyung-ahjussi’s son and changed his name to Lee TaeKyung.


“That name was on the list of directors for the first paper company the Dubai money was transferred to. Jordan K. Han. I never imagined that this person could be Lee TaeKyung. We just came across it as we were going through all the evidence. We found documents stating that Jordan had become orphaned and was taken to Korea to be adopted. Adopted by Lee WooKyung, President Min’s driver.”


The car stopped. They had arrived at the Han River. Underneath the black sky, Yuan could see the specks of light

twinkling from the buildings. They looked like falling stars.


“How much?”


Even as JoonHun glared at her with his fierce eyes, Yuan didn’t move and continued to look at the lights.


“Just how much did you help him, Min Yuan?”


There was still no response.


“Answer me, Min Yuan.”


His voice was incredibly cold. Even though he didn’t raise his voice, Yuan could vividly see the chaos whirling behind his eyes. However, Yuan didn’t even blink. A culprit should always be shameless, even in the face of all the evidence against them. JoonHun began to tremble.

“Did you really help him?”


Yuan calmly stared back at him.


She was very sorry. She was angry at her own stupidity. She shouldn’t have dragged him into this from the beginning. No matter how much she needed to infiltrate the HyunJin family, she shouldn’t have married Seo JoonHun to do it


It’s my fault. It’s my mistake. I’m the bitch. So now more than ever, she needed to break away from Seo JoonHun.


“You’re right. I helped him.”


Therefore, she needed to obediently confess it all.


“I helped Lee TaeKyung steal the 500 billion won in Dubai.”


Finally hearing it out loud after having suspicions for so long

felt odd. JoonHun didn’t speak. He sat stiffly as he continued to look at his wife. As if his head had been hit with an enormous hammer, JoonHun couldn’t think.


His wife waiting for news of a divorce. His wife saying that Lee TaeKyung was her lover. Now his wife was telling him that she had stolen 500 billion won of the company’s funds. What was he supposed to do with her now?


He recalled her damn profile he had looked over before he first met her. A clean and quiet image? The top choice among the elders for a daughter-in-law? Ha! It wasn’t even funny!


This tragedy was the result of the eternal flaw of humans judging someone by their outward image. JoonHun was now paying the cost for that common flaw committed by everyone in the world.


Just this morning, as he embraced Yuan, he felt that he still had hope. Their marriage was strange and twisted, but he wanted a fresh start. That was until he had received Derrick’s call

As the head of security at HyunJin, Derrick was investigating the Dubai incident under JoonHun’s orders. He was a genius computer specialist and was one of the top computer programmers in the world.


Finding the core keyword, he was able to sift through tons of data and dig up anything he wanted. If it wasn’t for Derrick, JoonHun would never have been able to find the remnants of Lee TaeKyung’s previous identity. He also would have never found out about the hacking program within the HyunJin servers.


The person who just inserted a small USB into the servers to gather all the secrets within HyunJin. The person who lurked every night to turn off the cameras within the house. That person was living with JoonHun on the 4th floor of his home.


Words couldn’t describe how brazen and despicable she was.


“Is that all you have to say”


She didn’t avoid his eyes. Their eyes cut into each other. He

never	expected	that	this	was	what	was	underneath	that beautiful and quiet mask.


Now JoonHun felt as if he couldn’t breathe as he glared at her.


Time seemed to stop. Everything stopped. As if the inside of the car had become a vacuum, nothing was left. Yuan knew that JoonHun was furious. Even more than when she told him that Lee TaeKyung was her lover.


If he could, she really believed that he would kill her here tonight. It didn’t matter. No, actually that would be for the best.


Either way, Seo JoonHun and Yuan wouldn’t last together. She only used him to destroy HyunJin and R&K. A true marriage with him was impossible from the start. This marriage needed to end. Right now.


“Why? Why did you go this far?”


This was the worst case scenario. She played with him and

turned him into a fool. How could she have done this?


Yuan couldn’t find an answer to give him.


“If you wanted to live with Lee TaeKyung, you could have just run away together. 500 billion won is way more than you need. You knew HyunJin and R&K wouldn’t turn a blind eye if this huge amount of money was lost. Why did you do this?”


She still didn’t answer him.


“Min Yuan.”


“You’ll wear out my name if you keep calling it.”


“Tell me. You need to tell me so that we can fix this.”


Fix? Yuan looked at him. How did JoonHun plan to fix this? She didn’t just take a handful of cash. She took 500 billion won.

Wasn’t he going to hand her and Lee TaeKyung over to the authorities?


“What are you planning to do?”


Yuan was honestly curious.


“What?”


“500 billion. You know that Lee TaeKyung and I stole it, so what are you planning to do?”


If the roles were reversed, she’d have killed him. She wouldn’t have come all the way out here to merely ask questions. She would have tortured him. There wouldn’t be anything left to hand over to the police. She would have gone into a violent rampage, only stopping when he barely had any breath left in his body. She would have tormented him again and again.


So what was going through JoonHun’s head right now?

He should have heard this morning that Lee TaeKyung being Jordan K. Han had something to do with her as well. What had he been doing up till now?


JoonHun looked at her. There was definitely rage within his dark, fierce eyes. There was also confusion. However


Yuan instantly stiffened.


At the unexpected gleam in JoonHun’s eyes, Yuan froze.


JoonHun was trying to cover it up. He was trying to cover this up No way Was he crazy?


“Where is the money?”


He asked. Yuan didn’t answer him.


“Where is it?!”

She was a completely wicked bitch, but she was his wife. He didn’t know how deep her relationship with Lee TaeKyung was, but he would end it here and now. 500 billion? He could just get it back. He truly planned on covering this incident up.


Damn Min Yuan, even that bastard Lee TaeKyung He was going to cover it all up. If they found the 500 billlion, R&K and HyunJin would no longer focus their time on finding the culprit. Then he wouldn’t lose Min Yuan. He would even save Lee TaeKyung, the man she loved so much.


Even though he had gone through hell these past few days, he had one goal in mind.


He needed to fix this. Quickly and secretly. Nobody could know. No matter what Yuan’s answer was, no matter what her reasons were for doing something like this, whether she loved Lee TaeKyung or not, he truly planned on covering this incident up.


Yuan blankly stared at him. Did Seo JoonHun know what she did? Has this man lost his mind? It was 500 billion won. On top of that, 1 trillion of his personal assets were on the line. His wife from his contract marriage had stabbed him in the back with

another man. But he was still trying to cover it up?


“Why?”


The blood drained from her face.


“Shut up and just tell me where the money is.”


“What are you going to do once you have the money? Are you going to divorce me?”


“Min Yuan. I’ve already told you this. I’m not divorcing you.”


“Why not?”


Their eyes met. His eyes looked at her. Yuan clenched her purse.

No. There’s no way. They were part of a contract marriage. He didn’t feel anything for her, and he only married her for the profits. Wasn’t he a man that used people for his own purpose?


“Because I don’t want to be separated from you.”


He replied.


“No matter what happens, I don’t want to be separated from you. Is that enough of an answer for you?”


Yuan froze up and couldn’t move.

Her ears were ringing.


Her mind was blank.


It would have been better if he had gone on a rampage If he had told her she would never get away with this. It would have been better if he had just threatened to kill Lee TaeKyung.


“Because I don’t want to be separated from you.”


It didn’t make any sense. She never dreamed that he would say something like this.


“No matter what happens, I don’t want to be separated from you. Is that enough of an answer for you?”


No. Yuan shook her head. He didn’t mean that.

“Yuan. Hurry up and tell me where the money is.”


It’s just sweet talk. Doesn’t everyone say that he’s a cold and calculating man? That he believes women are laughable? Wasn’t this marriage a result of a contract?


Seo JoonHun, you shouldn’t act like this. This is cheating.


“Yuan!”


He grabbed her hand and called out. Still frozen, she looked at him. He was telling the truth. His gloomy, dark eyes. His pale face. He was definitely in shock and furious, but he was still trying to fix this.


“Alright.”


He shouldn’t act like this. She couldn’t believe his reaction.
You shouldn’t be like this, Seo Mr JoonHun.

“Okay. Tell me. Where is the money? Luxembourg? Zurich?”


She opened her purse. There was a USB and a thin pen inside.
She took out the USB and handed it over to him.


“If you look in here, you’ll be able to find it.”


JoonHun paused and looked at her. His brow was furrowed.
The whereabouts of the 500 billion are inside this USB?


Suddenly, JoonHun felt a prick on his neck. Surprised, he raised his head. Yuan was looking at him strangely. She was holding a silver pen in her hand.


“I’m sorry.”


She whispered.


What is she talking about?

He raised his hand and touched his neck.


“The dose has been adjusted according to your weight, so you’ll wake up in an hour. Mr JoonHun, I’m so sorry.”


Her voice began to fade away. He didn’t understand what she was saying.


The Han River was as black and blue as always. Yuan was quietly sitting in the passenger seat and looking out at the river. Who knew what was flowing within those black waters? She didn’t know why she felt so horrible. Why was her hand trembling like this? Why didn’t she just open the door and disappear?


She turned her head and looked at JoonHun. Unconscious, his head was tilted to the side. She thought her husband looked different than the first time they met.


When he arrived at their marriage meeting, he looked clean, sophisticated, and terribly cold. Now he looked She didn’t know how to describe it. Why didn’t he want to break up with

her after learning about everything she’d done? Why was he trying to cover up all her mistakes?


Yuan looked at his closed eyes, the shadows of his eyelashes, his straight nose, and his lips. His hair, his shoulders, his limp hands


Starting from the first night of their marriage until this morning, she had been embraced by him countless times. Sometimes it hurt, sometimes it shook her, some nights she went crazy and lost herself


Yuan, what are you doing? Have you lost your mind? Get out. Open the door and leave him. Think about TaeKyung. He’s in danger right now.


Yuan grabbed the door handle. It opened with a click. The cold spring wind blew into her sleeves. If she opened this door and left, would she never see JoonHun again?


Whether he divorced her or not, Yuan would never be able to return to his side.

She wanted to look back. She wanted to look at him one last time. Just what are you doing? Why are you almost in tears? Yuan grit her teeth. She opened the door and exited the car. Then she left him in the car and walked away.


The car door closed with a thud. The cold night wind brushed up against her. The brilliant nightscape lights of Seoul looked so unfamiliar today. Because only the two of them had gone out today, there were no bodyguards present. The surveillance cameras installed between the pale streetlamps of Han River Park would definitely be recording her.


Yuan adjusted her collar and began to walk. The sound of her clicking heels faded as she walked further away from the car. A few bicyclists rushed past her with a whoosh of air. She could hear the laughter of the parents that had brought their children to the park. For the first time in her life, she felt as if she had finally broken free.


Suddenly, something dripped down her cheeks. Surprised, Yuan raised her hands and touched her cheeks. She realized then that her cheeks were wet with her own tears.


What is this?

Dumbfounded, Yuan lowered her hands.


She didn’t know why she was crying. Was it because she was scared? That was probably it. She made such a big mess and got caught. She was so scared that she felt numb, so of course she’d shed a few tears.


It definitely wasn’t because she was leaving Seo JoonHun. It definitely wasn’t because her heart was hurting. Her departure was inevitable from the start. He’d end up hating her for what she’d done. It was all inevitable.


“Don’t cry, Min Yuan.”


13 years ago, during the winter when her whole life was turned upside-down, her mother spoke to her.


“If you cry, I’m going to gouge out your eyes.”


A wicked witch. A monster hiding in the forest.

Yuan hated her mother. Ever since she was young, she had never seen her mother in her right mind. Even though she was born with a beauty and talent, she was a woman who threw it all away.


Her mother was an alcoholic. She hated everybody in the house, and that included her only daughter, Yuan. When her mother was young, she was well-known as a genius artist. Yuan never understood why someone like that turned out like this.


“Please get ahold of yourself.”


During the winter of that year, Yuan was fifteen. Her mother had gone on a binge all night long and was sprawled out. Yuan pierced her mother with her cold voice. No matter how much she tried, no matter how much she begged, her mother continued to break down little by little every single day.


“Mom, do you really want to live like this?”


Her mother opened her eyes. Her eyes looked even darker than usual.

“Do I want to live like this? Ha Hahahaha. Who would want to live like this?”


“Mom.”


“What do you know?”


“What do I know? At least I know that I’m not supposed to live my life like you.”


Her mother’s face froze. She lifted her head and looked at Yuan. Her beautiful, light brown eyes. Her long hair flowing down her back. Yuan took after her mother, and she loved her so much. However, her mother only showed this side of herself to Yuan, and Yuan hated seeing it.


Get ahold of yourself. I’m begging you, get ahold of yourself!


She wanted to cry out so badly.

She knew that her mother hated her father. She knew how difficult it was to live in a loveless marriage. However, she couldn’t understand how someone could destroy themselves so completely like this. Couldn’t she find something that brought her joy? There were so many people who lived as they wished on this earth!


However, Yuan didn’t know. She was only fifteen years old. Of course she didn’t understand the depths of someone else’s life. No, Yuan didn’t understand that no matter how many years passed, she would never understand someone else’s pain. Because she didn’t know this, she was cruel.


“Mom, do you hate everything you see? Everybody is a pest to you, aren’t they? Why do you hate people so much? Will that hatred change anything? Who are you to judge people like that? Look at yourself! Look at what you do from morning til night!”


Her mother didn’t say anything. She just continued to stare at Yuan. Then she whispered.


“Min Yuan. What will you do if you’re not Min Yuan?”

“What?”


Now she’d completely lost her mind.


“What if you’re not Min Yuan? What if you’re not even a Min at all? What if your father wasn’t your real father?”


Her mother had really lost her mind.


“Mom!”


“What will you do if the man you call father is the man who killed your real father?”


She’s lost it! She’s truly lost it!


“What will you do if WooKyung-ahjussi’s son, TaeKyung, is actually your brother?”

Yuan trembled as she looked at her mother. What a disgusting person! Why is she doing this? What made her like this?


“The man you believe to be your father, Min DaeYup What will you do if I tell you that the bastard is the one who made me this way? Will you still speak to me that way? You bitch. You’re the bitch. You don’t know that I’m hanging onto this wretched life for your sake, do you?”


“Are you crazy? Why are you being like this?”


“Crazy? I wish I was really crazy.”

Her mother suddenly got up. They could hear the sound of a car stopping outside. Her father had come home. It sounded like another guest had arrived as well.


Yuan avoided her mother, who smelled faintly of alcohol, and tried to leave the room. However, her mother shot up and grabbed Yuan’s arm. She had the stubborn grip of a person who wasn’t completely sane.


“Mom!”


Even after hearing Yuan’s irritated voice, her mother still held on and stuffed her into the closet inside the room.


“Mom!”


“Watch and see. See what will unfold. See how I’ve been living up till now! See with your own eyes what the truth is. See what kind of monster Min DaeYup is I’m begging you. Watch. See what kind of people they are. I’m asking you to see their

true colors!”


Bang!


The closet door closed as the room to the bedroom opened. The closet door was a wooden louvered door. This meant that those outside couldn’t see in, but Yuan could clearly see out.


Why was she doing this? Why was she acting like an insane person?! Yuan wanted to yell out, but it was too late.


Yuan was trembling inside the closet. Shocked, she peeked out through the panels of door. For some reason, she felt a heavy dread that made it hard to breathe. Her father wasn’t alone. He was with a familiar man. She had seen this man a few times inside her home.


President Seo? Why was President Seo inside her mother’s room with her father this late at night?


The men spoke for a bit. They laughed about something. They

completely ignored her mother and continued to chat away. Her mother’s blank expression as she watched them looked strange to Yuan.


She couldn’t understand any of this. However, when her father left the room, leaving behind President Seo, Yuan couldn’t breathe.


No.


She heard scary sounds. She recalled all the strange men who visited their house. Their laughs, their glances She remembered how they had shaken hands with her father.


No!


Yuan collapsed onto the floor.


She needed to leave this closet right away. She needed to leave, but The bloodcurdling screams, the sound of clothes ripping, the click of a man’s belt unbuckling. The sound of the

creaking bed!


No!


Yuan shook her head.


Her tears silently slid down her cheeks.


No, no.


No. No way. How could this No. This can’t possibly be happening! This is a lie. There’s no way this is true. This is all a lie! Yuan closed her eyes and covered ears as she shook her head. There’s no way! This is all a lie!


She didn’t know how much time had passed by. Creak, the door opened. Her mother blankly stared down at Yuan. Yuan felt as if she was in hell. She couldn’t take it anymore. What happened just now? She couldn’t understand what she had just seen and heard. Yuan hated everything. Her mother, her father, and even herself for being fooled.

“Don’t cry, Min Yuan.”


Her mother spoke coldly as if she had really gone insane.


“If you cry, I’m going to gouge out your eyes.”


Yuan couldn’t believe it.


Yuan glared at her. She didn’t pity her. She didn’t pity her at all. She couldn’t understand why her mother continued to stay here even though she was being treated like this. Why didn’t she just run away? Yuan couldn’t forgive her.


“Dirty.”


With that one word, Yuan shoved her mother away and ran. From that room, from the house, from all these people. She threw it all away and ran barefoot. She didn’t know where she was going. She cried and screamed as she ran off into the night like a lunatic.

Her mother committed suicide.


Someone had seen Yuan running barefoot on the Han River Bridge and called the police. She was sitting in the cold police station, completely frozen, when TaeKyung came to get her. That’s when he told her.


Her mother had died. She had slit her wrists in the bathroom.


“I don’t know what you saw, but you can’t tell anyone, Yuan.”


TaeKyung flatly told her as he draped his suit jacket over her shoulders.


“It’s alright. You don’t know anything. You don’t need to know anything. I’ll do everything. I’ll take care of it all. You just need to stay silent, Yuan. Forget about what happened to Mother. I’ll deal with it by myself. Forget it, Yuan.”


Forget what? Forget it how? Who are you? Who are you really? What about the words Mom blurted out as she was

losing her mind?


Yuan didn’t say anything. No, actually, she couldn’t say anything. Due to shock, Yuan had gone mute and had to undergo treatment for 1 year. The truth had pierced her heart and took her mother and her voice away from her.


It was all because of her. This was all Yuan’s fault. The reason why her mother could no longer stand to live in this world was because of what Yuan had said. Because of what she’d done. Because of what had been done to her. When Yuan had condemned her as ‘dirty’, her mother couldn’t take it anymore.


This was all for Yuan’s sake She had endured all this for the sake of her daughter But at Yuan’s one word, her mother collapsed.


“Ugh!”


Hunched over the ground near the cold Han River, Yuan was throwing up all the food she had eaten at President Seo’s house. She couldn’t hold back the nausea that was making her body

shake. Just seeing Seo JaeHyuk’s face was hard to endure.


So don’t cry.


Yuan fiercely told herself.


Don’t even look back.


Her vision was getting blurry. Even though she felt like she was going to collapse, Yuan used up all her strength to move further away from JoonHun.


Seo JoonHun is merely Seo JaeHyuk’s son. He is merely the son of that man. The man whose body she wanted to rip to shreds, and even then she wouldn’t be satisfied. The son of a bitch who had broken her mother until she was in that state. JoonHun was the son of that two-faced beast of a man.


JoonHun had seen her as a means to obtain his business contract. Likewise, Yuan had seen him as a means to have her revenge.

She had endured this marriage for 2 years. Within that time, there were hundreds of lies between them, but one thing remained true.


Seo JoonHun and Min Yuan could never fall in love with each other. They wouldn’t be able to become a real couple in this lifetime. Even if the skies collapsed and the earth shattered, Yuan would never be able to love him. Therefore, JoonHun must never love her. And he must never forgive her.


He could hate and loathe her all he wanted, but he shouldn’t love her.

Even though it was spring, the night was cold. After the sudden bout of intense turmoil, Yuan barely managed to get herself together and looked around. She didn’t have a cellphone. She couldn’t see a payphone anywhere either. She needed to get in touch with TaeKyung as soon as possible, but there was nothing she could do.


She hurriedly found a path away from the Han River. She saw an underpass covered in graffiti and started running for it when she saw a taxi approaching. She quickly raised her hand and flagged it down.


“Where ya headed, miss?”


The middle-aged taxi driver asked her in a cheerful voice.


“Please take me to the Samsung-dong neighborhood. And I’m sorry to ask, but could I borrow your cellphone for a bit?”


“What?”

When he heard her request for his cellphone, he looked at her through his rear view mirror in surprise.


“I lost my cellphone.”


“Aigoo, how did you”


The man hesitated before he handed her his phone. Yuan quickly entered TaeKyung’s phone number and sent him a text.


「Hummingbird.」


There	was	no	reply.	Her	heart	suddenly	shriveled.	Did something happen to him already?


What happened, Oppa?


Yuan bit her lip. She needed to get in contact with TaeKyung, but she couldn’t borrow a stranger’s cellphone every time.

Vroooooom.


Suddenly the phone rang. Yuan’s face paled. Whenever she sent out ‘Hummingbird’, her brother always responded with ‘Speak’. It was what they had agreed to from the start. They never called each other. This was because they never knew who could be listening nearby.


Afraid, Yuan lowered the phone. She quickly handed it back to the taxi driver.


“Ah? What’s the matter?”


“I think I called the wrong number. Someone’s calling back, so could you just tell them they have the wrong number?”


“Huh?”


The ahjussi’s expression turned strange.

“Please.”


Yuan put on a pitiful expression. The driver was confused, but he answered the call.


“Ah, hello?”


Then he lowered his phone and looked at it. He put it back to his ear. It seemed that the person on the other line was asking him a question.


“Ah, I think I put in the wrong number. I’m sorry. Me? I’m a taxi driver Huh? Who? I don’t know.”


The taxi driver’s eyes met Yuans through the rear view mirror. Yuan bit her lip. Suddenly, the taxi driver spoke in a booming voice.


“Ah, sorry. I’m in the middle of driving, so Alright, I’m busy, so I’m hanging up.”

As he hung up the phone, he sighed out a ‘Haa, what the’ and tilted his head.


“I’m sorry. Also, thank you.”


Yuan bit her lip and sat back. Something definitely happened to her brother. Did JoonHun send somebody? What should she do now? She clenched her hands. Her head felt foggy.


As she looked out the window, she could see all the stores with their bright lights. Surveillance cameras were recording from between the traffic lights. People had their cellphones in their hands. How was she supposed to move through this city without getting caught?


Yuan’s eyes gleamed. She raised her head and spoke to the driver.


“Mr. Driver, could you take me somewhere else?”


“What?”

The taxi driver regretted having found this customer today.



With heavy metal music blaring in the background, a woman was sleeping coiled inside a blanket.


Her slim arms and legs were spread out. Her hair was short and black like a man’s. Her worn out t-shirt revealed her milky neck and shoulder.


How she able to sleep so peacefully with this kind of music blaring in the room, no one knew. She didn’t move an inch. She was even lightly snoring.


“Erica! Eri!”


Bang, bang, bang, bang!


“Eri!”

The voice rang again, but she didn’t wake up.


“Hey! TaeKyung-oppa’s here. Aren’t you going to wake up?”


Tae-TaeKyung-oppa?


Her eyes burst open. She shot up and looked around. A lamp in the corner was the only source of light in the room. At least ten monitors were sprawled throughout the room. Each monitor had its own PC unit. Books were inserted between these computers along with other unidentifiable junk.


The floor was littered with trash. Empty beer bottles, empty food packaging from the convenience store, even crusty bowls of stale noodles!


Bang, bang, bang!


“Eri!”

“Fuck.”


Eri shook the sleep from her body and tried to get up. Her body was tangled up in the blanket, and she fell down. As she was trying to break her fall, her hand landed inside one of the bowls of stale noodles. The banging at the door began to fade into the loud music.


She always slept and got up as she pleased, so she had no idea what time it was. She was a deep sleeper. She probably wouldn’t even wake up if someone put her over their shoulders and took her away. However, when she heard ‘TaeKyung’, her body moved on its own.


“Ah! Alright!”


Eri suddenly yelled out and grabbed the doorknob, her hand still covered in noodle sauce. However, when she opened the door, the person standing there was a totally unexpected woman. She was wearing a blue two-piece outfit and looked like she was a royal princess from England.

“Y-Yuan?”


Erica, also known as Eri, raised her eyebrows in surprise. It was Yuan. It was definitely Yuan. It had been 1 year since she last saw her one and only best friend.


“Go and pay the taxi driver.”


She yelled out to Eri.


“And turn off the damn music!”


With that, Yuan entered the house. Eri looked back and saw a taxi standing outside with its hazard lights on.


She took out her precious money and gave the man 20,000 won, and that was only after Eri haggled it down by 4,000 won. After paying the driver, Eri went back inside. Yuan was already sitting in front of a computer.

“Hey, Min Yuan. What happened?”


Her terrified face made her look like she’d lost her mind.


“What happened? Tell me.”


“I think something happened to TaeKyung-oppa.”


“Huh. Something’s always happening to him. That man is a magnet for trouble.”


Eri mumbled in disbelief.


“It’s bad this time. Eri, I’m begging you. We need to find Oppa right away.”


“Aigoo, that man is seriously taking years off my life. What did he do this time?”

Eri, or Erica Jung, was Yuan’s friend. She quickly grabbed a chair and placed it in front of a computer. She sat down and turned it on. Yuan was already furiously hacking into a surveillance system.


“Hey, you’re trying to get into TaeKyung-oppa’s apartment, right? I’ve already paved a path for that. Move over. I’ll take you to administrator mode.”


Eri spoke up excitedly. Yuan and Eri met each other 10 years ago in London. They both went to the same private school, and they were complete opposites.


Yuan was a well-behaved model student who made sure to follow all the rules. She was also the class representative. Eri was the tomboy daughter of a British mother and a Korean father, and she was the biggest troublemaker in the school. Yuan and Eri had been mortal enemies for years. They always badmouthed and went after each other. However, when they entered college, they became the closest of friends.


When Eri’s family situation took a turn for the worse, fate brought her to Yuan’s house as she looked for a place to stay. Yuan had an empty spare room available, and even though she

hated Eri, London was still a dangerous place for a girl who was all alone. So Yuan mercifully took her in.


From then on, as they attended college, the two girls lived in Yuan’s apartment. As they spent more time together, they began to form an attachment for one another. Yuan acted arrogant and proud, but she easily felt lonely. Thanks to the fun and outrageous Eri, she was able to laugh a lot more.


Around that time, Eri met TaeKyung. That was also when her unrequited love for him began. When TaeKyung rejected her, she began to stalk him instead.


Of course, all she did was watch him from afar. TaeKyung’s rejection of Eri was so cold that those watching could feel the chill in the air. Having been burned, dumped, and rejected, Eri often took a peek at him through her monitors. She never approached him.


Yuan was incredibly sorry for asking this of Eri, but when it came to finding her brother, Eri was the only hacker that could do it. Like a rabid fan of an idol, Eri tracked TaeKyung’s location at all times.

“Found it.”


As expected, Eri mumbled this after not even 10 minutes had passed. Her voice broke Yuan away from her train of thought. She impatiently looked at the monitor and saw her brother leave the office an hour ago.


“Aigoo, looks likes he’s doing fine. What’s all this fuss about? I took a look this morning, and he came out of his apartment with that woman Hong SeRyung again.”


Hong SeRyung? Yuan grit her teeth. TaeKyung-oppa was still using that woman?


Suddenly, two black cars appeared on the monitor screen.
Four men jumped out and surrounded TaeKyung.


“Gah!”


Eri gasped. Yuan paled.

“What are they doing? Hey, what did you brother do this time?”


They quickly opened another surveillance footage and managed to get the license plate of the car and looked it up. Surprisingly, the license was registered under the R&K company. Her brother looked as if he was trying to talk to these men before being dragged into the car.


“Hey! Why is TaeKyung-oppa letting them take him away? He’s been trained in the martial arts. He should have just beat them up No, that’s not it. Who are those men?! Oppaaaa!”


Eri wasn’t in her right mind. Yuan was the same. She ignored her splitting headache and frantically tracked the car. The car was racing north towards the PyeongChang neighborhood. A chill went down Yuan’s spine.


“This is bad.”


Her lips began to tremble. She quickly began to hack into President Min’s cellphone. She was so devastated that her body

began to shake. How much did he find out? JoonHun didn’t tell President Min everything, did he?


If he did, her brother was as good as dead. The 500 billion alone put their lives at risk, but if he found out her brother’s true identity, then


No.


Yuan grit her teeth.


Please. She wanted TaeKyung to be safe.


The data from President Min’s cellphone began to pop up on the screen.


Let’s not think about Seo JoonHun anymore. Their relationship had already ended.

Bang!


Everything on the desk fell to the ground. The laptop was completely destroyed, and the vase had shattered into pieces.


Still, JoonHun didn’t move.


Yuan had disappeared. She injected a sedative into his neck and ran away.


He couldn’t even describe the agitation, dizziness, and rage he felt when he woke up. These boiling emotions had long surpassed his vocabulary.


He was going to kill them all. Min Yuan, Lee TaeKyung. He was going to rip them apart.


But

“How have you not found her yet?”


This didn’t make any sense.


He turned around and looked at Derrick. Derrick, the genius head of security at HyunJin and a world-renown computer programmer, could not find any clues about her whereabouts.


“I’ve collected all surveillance footage of that area, but we don’t see any trace of her.”


“Ah, is that so? So you’re telling me that she turned into some kind of ghost, is that it?”


She managed to poke holes in the security system at home, but now she’s going out and messing with the public surveillance system? How could that be true?


Derrick silently handed JoonHun a sheet of paper.

The words on the paper reported a strange scenario. It said that his wife, who was only known as an illustrator, was actually a world-renown hacker called ‘Osiris’. Osiris’s program was called ‘The Book of Death’ and was so powerful that it could break through any program in the world.


“Osiris?”


“Yeah, Osiris.”


Does this make any sense? Is Derrick crazy? However, Derrick looked completely earnest.


“Ha.”


JoonHun muttered and stepped back. This was ludicrous. Everything Everything was thoroughly planned from the beginning. She acted her role to perfection and held his hand. She accepted his embrace in order to fulfill the ultimate deception.

She pretended to grow up as a normal upper-class lady, completely graceful and elegant, but Min Yuan was a criminal. A world-class criminal.


JoonHun read through the report again. It had the same photo as the one he saw in her profile as he was heading over to their marriage meeting. Her formal dress, her tidy hair, her clear eyes.


The only difference between then and now was the way he felt as he looked at this photo. Back then, he felt nothing as he looked at her picture. Now, he felt as if his heart was ripping through his chest.


“Pfft, hahahahaha!”


JoonHun burst out laughing. This was seriously some kind of twisted comedy.


“JoonHun.”

Derrick furrowed his brow and approached him.


“Find her.”


JoonHun suddenly stopped laughing and coldly spoke as he crumpled up the report.


“That’s”


“Find her. Do whatever you have to do to find her Ah, there’s Lee TaeKyung. You said that he was taken by President Min’s men, right? Keep watch. She’ll definitely turn up over there.”


She said she loved that man. They accomplished this huge feat together. They were together since they were young. Lee TaeKyung. Yuan will definitely go and try to save him.


JoonHun looked at Derrick with his cold, dark eyes. As he clenched his fist, the report crumpled in his hand.

Time crawled forward. A useless night passed, and it was another helpless day.


She felt as if she was being bled dry. Suppressing her anxiety, Yuan tucked her hair inside her cap. 4 days had already passed. What was the probability that TaeKyung-oppa was still alive?


“If something goes wrong and I get caught, you must head straight for Luxembourg.”


Prepare for the worst. That’s what TaeKyung had told her.


“No matter what, you must not come looking for me, Yuan.
I’ll never forgive you if you do.”


Don’t forgive me. I’ll never leave you and run away on my own.


Yuan lowered her body in the dark and grit her teeth.

She recalled the day she first met TaeKyung. It was during the spring after she had turned seven. She had come back from school, and there was an unfamiliar boy in the house. Long, monolid eyes. A pretty face that all the girls would envy. He looked like a prince from a fairytale. He stared at Yuan with wide eyes.


“This boy is my eldest son, Madame.”


WooKyung-ahjussi introduced TaeKyung-oppa to Yuan and her mother. Her mother had turned pale and stiffly stared at TaeKyung-oppa. Yuan realized then that something was a bit off with this situation. TaeKyung’s eyes looked just like her mother’s.


“He’ll need to wear glasses.”


Her mother spoke out of nowhere. WooKyung-ahjussi said he understood and bowed his head. TaeKyung-oppa averted his eyes. Even though it was spring, the wind was cold. She could smell the wintersweet flowers outside the window.

Yuan bit her lips to suppress the sudden ache in her chest.


Darkness surrounded her, and the silence was heavy. A thick night fog was floating above the ground. The houses surrounded in high brick walls looked like islands underneath the yellow lights of the streetlamps. Here and there, the lights of the security posts were shining as the police officers stood guard.


Yuan pushed up her sleeve and checked the time. It was 1:43 AM. A time when all of humankind was at their weakest.


– Yuan, can you hear me?


She heard Eri’s voice inside her ear. Yuan whispered back with ‘Yeah.’ before tightly shutting her mouth. A microphone was attached to a device on her shoulder, and a tiny bluetooth earphone was in her ear.


They had hurried through their preparations in the limited time they had, so this was the best they could do. However, there was one thing that gave Yuan an advantage. This was her

childhood home. She knew this place inside and out. She could basically walk through the house with her eyes closed.


– Is everything okay, Yuan?


“Stay calm, Eri.”


Eri was extremely nervous. She was worried about TaeKyung, but her anxiety shot through the roof when Yuan said she’d go into President Min’s house alone. But what else could they do? How could they call the police in this situation?


The thought of escaping Korea with TaeKyung had long flown out of her mind. There was no other choice. She checked her equipment one more time. Huuu, Yuan breathed out and looked around.


The neighborhood of PyeongChang. It was home to the nation’s top political and business leaders. With a few taps of a keyboard, the neighborhood of PyeongChang was suddenly drowning in the loud ringing of an alarm.

Beep, beep, beep, beep!


They were coming from the house of the prime minister of Korea, the house of the CEO of Future Airlines, the house of TaeYang Construction The alarm began to ring in every house in the neighborhood. The police officers began to panic and ran outside as they looked in every direction as they shouted.


“Next.”


Yuan whispered. The electricity in all of PyeongChang went out. Immediately, all the surveillance cameras on the streetlamp were turned off. In the short time it took them to recover power through the back-up generator, Eri had already infiltrated their video security systems.


“Damn it! What’s going on?! Hurry up and call for backup!”


Yuan could hear the shouting policemen, but she stayed still inside the car she had parked in a security camera blind spot. The fire alarm went off and all the sprinklers installed in the ceilings of every house turned on. Like that, the neighborhood

of PyeongChang was plunged into absolute chaos.


1 minute, 1 minute 30 seconds, 1 minute 45 seconds passed when Yuan heard the sirens of the private security vehicles as they arrived at the scene. Even a firetruck made its way here. Everything turned into a frantic mess.


Now.


Yuan started the car and quickly made her way to the front gate of the R&K house. She parked the car. Her car looked similar to the security vehicles.


As the private security officers rushed inside, Yuan got out of her car and ran inside with them. Yuan was also wearing the same uniform as the rest of them.


Yuan’s heart raced. She didn’t want to be recognized by anyone. Luckily, everyone was running around frantically. If anyone saw her, they’d wouldn’t be able to recognize her pale, almost blue, face.

Yuan secured the security officer cap on her head and silently headed for the house. This house that she could walk through with her eyes closed


Suddenly, she heard the screams of the housekeeper. Yuan quickly hid herself behind a tree. The housekeeper, Mrs. Jang, would be able to recognize Yuan just by her shadow.


Damn it.


Yuan clenched her teeth and took out the smoke bomb inside her pocket. She uncapped it and quickly threw it into a corner of the garden. With a whoosh, the foggy smoke instantly filled the area. She began to walk towards the backyard as she threw another small smoke bomb.


“Aagh! What the?! Fire! Fire!!”


Mrs. Jang made a big fuss and everyone rushed towards her.


Yuan ran towards the greenhouse and finally arrived at the

backyard. The overgrown branches grazed her face. However, she couldn’t slow down. She ran through the forest of thick spindle trees where she was safe from prying eyes and was about to enter the greenhouse through its back door.


Woof! Suddenly, she saw a something running towards her at a frightening speed as it made a terrifying noise. Woof woof woof woof! Two pit bull terriers were barking like crazy. Instead of turning around and running away, Yuan crouched down and stretched out both her hands.


“Have you guys been doing well?”


There was no way they’d forget the voice of their master who had taken care of them since they were puppies. The dogs were aggressive at first, but they quickly began to whine with joy as they licked her hands and face. Even though she was wearing leather gloves on her hands, they remembered her scent.


She quickly took out the beef jerky she had hidden inside her breast pocket and put them inside the dogs’ mouths. She always gave them this treat when she was training them.

“Let’s go.”


At her words, the two dogs stuck close to her side and began to follow her. She took the two dogs with her as she walked inside.


A man stood in front of the door to the basement stairway. He had not lowered his guard and was vigilantly keeping watch. He was probably a henchman that had been ordered to stand guard even if he was surrounded by fire.


“Bite him.”


Yuan ordered in a low voice. Instantly, without hesitation, the pit bull terriers began to run after the man. As the man shrieked and ran away, Yuan quickly ran down the stairs leading to the basement.


The staircase was so narrow that only one person could go up and down at a time. The dim, yellow lights illuminated the steep steps.

Yuan could smell the faint scent of blood.


“Ugh.”


Yuan held back the nausea that overcame her. She was paralyzed by dread and terror and couldn’t move her legs.


Only the people living in this house knew about the torture chamber in the basement of the backyard greenhouse. However, no one knew how many people had suffered within those walls.


TaeKyung!


Yuan grit her teeth.


Think about TaeKyung!


She felt as if the terror had spread its roots deep into the abyss underneath her feet. She felt as if her whole body was being

ripped to shreds. She could still hear the clamor outside. The private security team as well as the firefighters. Even the police. If she wanted to get past these people and successfully escape, she needed to get ahold of herself.


Please Yuan grit her teeth and stretched out her leg. Yuan’s hand seemed reluctant to leave the wall as she lifted it. It felt like the fear was suffocating her, but she couldn’t leave now.


Oppa!


Yuan screamed on the inside as she ran down the stairs.


She used all her strength to kick open the door with a bang! Inside, underneath the pale fluorescent lights, she saw TaeKyung hanging on chains like a slaughtered animal.


“Oppa!”


Yuan cried out and ran over to him.

His eyes were swollen shut, his nose and lips covered in blood. He had wounds on every part of his body. Yuan could hardly believe it was TaeKyung. The floor was littered with bloody pliers and knives. Yuan could see a bucket full of blood nearby.


“Aah, Oppa.”


How could anyone do this to a person?!


“Sons of bitches! Fucking bastards!”


Yuan couldn’t stop the curses from flowing out of her mouth.


“Yu Why are you”


Suddenly, Yuan heard TaeKyung’s low mumble. Yuan quickly returned to her senses and looked at him.


“Oppa, hang in there.”

Yuan frantically looked around and finally saw the button that would lower the chains. She pressed the green button and quickly grabbed the bolt cutter from the shelf. TaeKyung collapsed with a thud.


“Oppa!”


Yuan ran over to him and lifted his head. She lightly slapped his face and cried out.


“Oppa, stay awake! Hurry!”


“Yuan, Yu”


“Yeah, it’s me.”


“I-It’s too late”


What? What was he talking about? What’s too late?

“Ahjussi is”


Yuan followed TaeKyung’s gaze and collapsed in shock at what she saw. In the corner of the torture chamber, there was a crumpled figure of a corpse completely drenched in blood. It almost didn’t look human.


Ah, WooKyung-ahjussi? It was TaeKyung’s adoptive father, WooKyung-ahjussi.


“Gah mmph.”


Yuan barely suppressed the sobs and shrieks rising out of her throat. She couldn’t get distracted here. If she did, then both of them would be in danger.


“Yuan”


“O-Oppa.”

Yuan turned around and used the rest of her strength to sit him up. She needed to get ahold of herself. If she made a mistake, both of them would die here. Hurry! Think! Please!


“Eri!”


Yuan called out to Eri as she put all her efforts into cutting the chains holding TaeKyung with the bolt cutter.


“Oppa, wake up! I understand, so wake up. Eri! Eri! Send for help right now.”


Yuan managed to sneak inside, but she wouldn’t be able to escape with TaeKyung in this state. If TaeKyung was able to walk just a little, maybe it wouldn’t be impossible. However, there was no way he could in a state like this.


“Hurry!”


Yuan roared as she tried to cut the chains holding TaeKyung. However, the chains wouldn’t break easily. Her efforts were

only drenching her whole body in sweat. In this chaos, Eri didn’t respond. A chill went down Yuan’s spine.


Please Please!


Suddenly, she heard men shouting from above the stairs. Yuan paled and stopped what she was doing. If Eri had sent them, they wouldn’t be making such a ruckus. Eri’s men should be coming here disguised as rescue workers. The noises coming from upstairs were definitely the sounds of people fighting.


“What do I do What”


Yuan pressed her trembling lips together as she looked down at TaeKyung’s bloody figure. She was already caught, so she might as well risk her life. What would happen if they were both caught? If their relationship and the reason why they did all this was revealed What would happen?


They wouldn’t be allowed to survive. She glanced at the knife on the floor. It might be better if she just ended their lives right here, right now. Both of them painlessly!

Her hand stretched out to grab the knife. Suddenly, the door opened with a bang. A black figure filled the doorway like a person who had come back from the dead. The tall man in a black turtleneck and pants was


It was Seo JoonHun.


How Why was JoonHun here?


Frozen stiff, Yuan stared at Seo JoonHun. She couldn’t figure out what he was thinking from looking at his cold, indifferent face. He was looking back at her. JoonHun’s eyes look at Yuan, then at the knife in her hand, before landing on the unconscious TaeKyung.


She had no idea why he was here.


He didn’t move and kept staring at her.


He was going to kill them.

Yuan realized it now. She realized how furious he was His murderous energy brought a chill into the room. She was terrified. Even more so than when she had left him at the Han River.


JoonHun was going to kill her and TaeKyung. Right here.
Definitely.


“Save him.”


Yuan turned ghastly pale and begged.


“Please save him, Mr JoonHun.”


Her tears dripped down her cheeks once again.


JoonHun wouldn’t help her. After everything she had done to him, she wouldn’t be surprised if he told her he’d kill her here and leave. But still Please Just this once

The tears now flowed down her cheeks and dripped off her chin. JoonHun’s face still remained blank. Yuan raised both of her trembling hands and covered her face.


“It’s my fault. It’s all my fault, so please, at least save Oppa”


JoonHun didn’t move.


Even in this situation, she was still struggling to save him. Yuan couldn’t imagine the look on JoonHun’s face or the thoughts running through his head as he looked at her. Still, she begged. There was no other option.


“I’ll do whatever you tell me to do from now on. If you tell me to die, I’ll kill myself. But please, just save Oppa. I’m begging you.”


JoonHun’s eyes became colder. They became darker. She felt as if he was going to walk up to her at any second and strangle her. Yuan tightly hugged TaeKyung to her chest. For the past 13 years, the one who stayed by her side was TaeKyung. He took her out of her misery, planned their revenge with her, and

showed her the path to redemption when she was drowning in guilt.


Her brother couldn’t die here no matter what.


She suddenly heard heavy footsteps. As JoonHun’s footsteps got closer, Yuan couldn’t breathe and simply hugged TaeKyung even tighter. They were going to die. Like this Right here.


JoonHun’s hand reached out. He took TaeKyung out of her arms. Yuan cried out as he pushed her aside and lifted him onto his shoulders.


Yuan felt her soul leave her body and thought she was dreaming. When she saw him leave the room with TaeKyung over his shoulders, she shot up and followed after him.


As they were going up the stairs, the rescue workers were standing in front of the door. They quickly took TaeKyung and carried him away.

Somebody handed Yuan and JoonHun gas masks. They put them on and got out of the house. As if in slow motion, the flashing sirens and the crowd of people brushed past them.


Everything felt like a dream. Yuan couldn’t believe that Seo JoonHun was right in front of her eyes.

Within a few minutes, JoonHun and Yuan were sitting side- by-side in the back of an ambulance with a bloody TaeKyung on a stretcher in front of them. There were no windows in the back of the ambulance, but they could tell that they had left the decimated neighborhood of PyeongChang. They could no longer hear the sound of alarms around them.


The vehicle jolted as it continued down the road. Suddenly, she felt a familiar feeling of the car moving downhill. Yuan then realized that they had just arrived at JoonHun’s house. Her body still remembered the place she called home for 2 years.


Everything felt unreal. The fact that JoonHun had appeared in that basement, the fact that she was returning to this house She couldn’t believe any of it.


Ever the skillful butler, Choi Myung appeared and began to take care of TaeKyung as he was taken off the ambulance. She didn’t know where he learned to do it, but Choi Myung injected a needle into TaeKyung’s broken leg and skillfully applied a splint. Completely bewildered, Yuan could only watch.

After having received the emergency treatment, TaeKyung was put on Yuan’s bed and fell into a deep sleep. Having devoted himself to TaeKyung’s treatment, Choi Myung gathered his tools and left the room. Only Yuan was left by his side.


JoonHun was nowhere to be seen.


Yuan calmly looked down at TaeKyung before shutting her eyes. She was exhausted, but sleep continued to evade her. Outside the window, the sky was faintly dark. The employees within the house were nowhere to be seen, leaving behind a thick silence.


She kept picturing JoonHun appearing in the doorway of the basement. She kept recalling how his murderous eyes had glared at her before moving to TaeKyung.


“Because I don’t want to be separated from you.”


She remembered how he had looked when he said those words.

“No matter what happens, I don’t want to be separated from you. Is that enough of an answer for you?”


After he said those words, she injected him with the sedative and ran away. Yuan couldn’t imagine how JoonHun was feeling right now. What was he thinking


“Ah”


Yuan covered her face with both of her hands. She thought she was going to lose her mind at this rate. Her tears began to flow out between her fingers. These despicable tears. How pathetic were her tears right now?


She breathed in and raised her head. The pale moonlight shone on her wet cheeks. Now wasn’t the time to be crying like this. Yuan got up from her seat.


She heard the loud click of the door as it opened. As she walked along the corridor, she looked up at the ceiling as she always did. The red light of the recording surveillance camera was nowhere to be found. The house wasn’t being recorded

right now.


She walked through the corridor and saw a light coming through the crack of a door. Yuan carefully approached the door. As expected, JoonHun was inside. He was still wearing the same clothing he had been wearing at President Min’s house. He was holding a glass of whisky in one hand.


How much did he drink?


The bottle of liquor in front of him was almost empty.


“Well, to what do I owe the pleasure?”


As if surprised to see her at his door, JoonHun scoffed as he raised the glass to his lips.


“The madame has decided to grace my room with her presence.”

Yuan didn’t say anything.


“Why don’t you go back and take good care of your dying lover?”


He turned his head back. Yuan stared at his back for a while before coming around to stand in front of him.


“Lee TaeKyung is my brother.”


As he was turning his face, he stiffened. Unable to understand what she had just told him, he looked at her.


“What?”


“TaeKyung-oppa is actually my brother.”


JoonHun didn’t move a muscle. What did this mean?

“What sort of lie are you planning to tell me now?”


“It’s not a lie. You told me that you saw Jordan K. Han’s birth certificate. Didn’t you happen to see the names of his parents too?”


“What are you talking about? Just”


“Father Han JinWook, mother Kang Yina.”


Yuan burst out laughing.


“Those are the names of our parents.”


Even if the skies had crumbled around them, JoonHun wouldn’t have been as surprised as he was right now. His face had turned deathly pale.


“28	years	ago,	RyuHwa	Company	and	KeumYoung

Investments merged to create R&K. Like our marriage, this merger was formed through a marriage between RyuHwa Company’s Min DaeYup and KeumYoung Investment’s Kang Yina.”


JoonHun then realized his mistake. He had seen the name ‘Kang Yina’ on Jordan K Han’s birth certificate, but he had forgotten that it was also Yuan’s mother’s name. Fuck. A curse left his lips. Even though the hint was right there under his nose, finding out that Lee TaeKyung was Jordan had put him into a rage.


“My mom was the only daughter of KeumYoung Investments and represented the ‘K’ of R&K. Of course she knew that she had an arranged marriage partner set up for her. However, the problem began when she went to Japan to study abroad. There, she fell in love with somebody else.”


At the time, when R&K had formed through the merge of RyuHwa Company and KeumYoung Investments, their stock prices shot up overnight. People called it the union of the century.


Having formed R&K through this merge, the businesses began

to run more smoothly than ever. They gained many investors and ten times more capital in such a short amount of time. They became one of the top 30 businesses in the financial world. It was the birth of a sprawling conglomerate.


“My mom married that man, and they ran away to the United States. They gave birth to TaeKyung-oppa there, and then became pregnant with me.”


“Are you saying”


Did they drag a pregnant married woman back here and marry her off? How?


“My parents desperately lived in hiding. They believed they would be taken to Korea and be forced to divorce if they were caught. But then, there was an accident.”


“Accident?”


Yuan stopped talking and looked at JoonHun. She carefully

chose her next words.


The ones who found her mother was HyunJin’s intelligence team. They were far more capable than the National Intelligence Service and had chased after her family. But she couldn’t tell him that. She decided to withhold the information about JoonHun’s father’s involvement.


“Yes, an accident. A car accident. My father and my brother were in the car.”


At the time, TaeKyung was five years old. Like any other day, her father had strapped her brother to the backseat and was taking him to school. Her mother stood outside by the garage and tightly wrapped her cardigan around her before waving at them. That summer, the flowers in the garden had bloomed so beautifully, and so had her mother.


The tragedy came out of nowhere.


“In that accident, my father died. They said my brother died too.”

“You’re not saying that”


Did that accident have anything to do with President Min?


JoonHun finally began to piece together what had happened. A marriage that would rake in an incredible profit. Kang Yina escaping that marriage. If somebody had a motive to kill her husband to force her into this marriage, it would be


“Are you telling me that President Min went ahead and did something like that?”


JoonHun knew that President Min was a man of great ambition who hid many secrets. But committing murder? JoonHun knew that he was a man who did whatever he could to get what he wanted, but committing murder was a whole other level.


“That’s right. That man killed my real father and dragged my mother back to Korea.”

“How are you sure that he did this?”


“Because of WooKyung-ahjussi.”


JoonHun’s face stiffened.


“WooKyung-ahjussi was under orders by President Min to carry out that accident, but lucky for us, if you could even call it that, he hesitated in the final moments Anyways, thanks to him, Oppa was able to live.”


Yuan clearly remembered WooKyung-ahjussi’s tearful face as he confessed how he couldn’t bear to leave a crying child in the burning wreckage of the car. Yuan bit her lip. Thanks to him, TaeKyung had survived.


To be honest, WooKyung’s love for Kang Yina also had something to do with it. Yuan’s mother, an incredibly beautiful and charming artist, had taken the hearts of many men. However, the only man she had ever loved was Han JinWook.

Han JinWook, her mother’s teacher in Japan.


His death had driven her mother completely insane.


“After pronouncing him dead, WooKyung-ahjussi secretly took Oppa as his adoptive son. And I came back to Korea in my mother’s womb. That’s how I came to be Min Yuan. I grew up as President Min’s daughter. And my mother”


Yuan remembered what she had seen from inside that closet long ago. She grit her teeth. She wasn’t able to tell JoonHun about what she saw. It was her mother’s humiliation and a terrible suffering. And she would also have to bring up her damn father-in-law.


Yuan didn’t have to say how much her proud mother had hated and despised President Min. No matter how violent he became, her mother never gave in. She did it to protect TaeKyung and Yuan. She did it to protect their inheritance.


However, President Min used other methods to have her submit to him. He used incredibly despicable and torturous

methods He had other men dirty her mother. After that, her mother collapsed. Unable to stand the suffering, she turned to alcohol for comfort.


She wouldn’t have lasted if she didn’t have liquor


Even as she was crumbling, she tried to endure it to the end. However, after hearing her daughter’s reproachful words, she completely collapsed. Yuan clenched her fists.


Mom, I’m sorry.


Yuan wanted to end things here. There would be other ways to exact revenge on President Seo. She didn’t want to drag JoonHun into this, but in order to save TaeKyung-oppa, she needed to tell him this much.


“And my mother held a deep grudge.”


Yuan quickly smoothed over her story as she faintly smiled.

“It was incredibly deep. My brother is the same way”

“Does President Min know about this?”


Yuan shook her head. JoonHun didn’t understand. That snake of a man was keeping such an explosive bomb inside his household?


“Aren’t you Han JinWook’s daughter?”


Yuan didn’t respond. JoonHun’s eyes widened.


“He thinks you’re his daughter? How?”


“As soon as I was born, President Min immediately filed a paternity test. The problem was that the person who took that sample to the lab was WooKyung-ahjussi.”


“Why did he help your mother?”

“He was someone who really cared for my mother.”


In the end, this was something that was planned out by Yuan’s mother, Kang Yina, and WooKyung. And they hid this from President Min all this time?


“Haa. So what is it that you guys want? Revenge?”


Yuan silently stared at him for a moment before speaking.


“Yes. Revenge. What we want is”


To destroy both R&K and HyunJin. But


“To destroy R&K. We want to destroy the fortress that was built by breaking apart a family By shedding the blood of my father and mother. HyunJin”


Yuan felt as if her tongue was stiff, but she continued talking.

“HyunJin and you were dragged into this, and for that I’m very sorry.”


Yuan raised her eyes and looked at JoonHun as she repeated herself.


“I’m very sorry.”


He was still silent. He calmly looked at her. He then slowly approached her and tightly embraced her.


“It’s okay.”


His hand stroked Yuan’s hair.


“It’s okay, Yuan.”


It’s all okay. It’s really okay. After learning that the man lying in his wife’s bedroom wasn’t her lover, JoonHun felt as if he

could forgive her for anything. For not being President Min’s daughter, for creating the Dubai incident for her revenge, for giving him such unbelievable pain, everything


It’s okay. It’s really okay.


Surprisingly, JoonHun was really okay. Just knowing that Yuan and that man weren’t in love He felt as if he could breathe again.


He lips crashed down onto hers. He fiercely sucked on her lips before he lunged for her. Yuan stepped back and fell onto his bed. Even though they had been married for 2 years, this was the first time Yuan had lain on his bed.


“Yuan”


Yuan, Yuan, Yuan


Her name echoed in his heart. Her name permeated inside him. It pierced his heart, leaving him breathless.

“My Yuan.”


There was no technique or foreplay. There was only a desire to be one with her. Yuan didn’t have time to stop JoonHun as he fiercely entered her. Her top was taken off, and the rest of her clothes disappeared in the next instant. Even though he had seen her in this state many times before, it strangely felt new this time.


“Yuan”


He plunged inside her. Yuan moaned as she buried her face in his shoulder. Everything she felt from him, his skin, his breath, his scent, they all surged inside her. She felt his muscles twitch underneath her hands. She felt his hardness pounding inside her. His hair, his lips, his eyelashes They were all so sweet to her.


Aahh, what do I do?


Yuan groaned as she thought to herself.

What am I supposed to do now?


She couldn’t block him anymore.


His cock filled her up, and she felt like she was going to burst. Because there was no foreplay, it hurt as he entered her, but she didn’t want to push him away. She raised her legs and wrapped them around his hips. She dug her heels into his bottom and pulled him in further. Her body filled with pain and pleasure as she tightly held him.


She was sure she had gone crazy. If she hadn’t gone crazy, how was she willingly embracing this man?


Yuan had been holding it in for so long. For a long time, she had kept her heart shut away. However, even though he knew that she had stolen the 500 billion, JoonHun tried to cover it up. This had completely shocked her. It was even more shocking that he had even saved the man he believed to be his wife’s lover at her request.


Was this man really Seo JoonHun?

When she had told him that TaeKyung wasn’t her lover, he looked relieved and embraced her. Was this truly him?


No. It can’t be.


Even as she thought this, his movements, his lips, his gaze Yuan couldn’t fight against it anymore. He truly wanted her and embraced her and she couldn’t block it anymore. She was drowning in guilt. She couldn’t stop the shiver running down her spine.


What do I do


Yuan grit her teeth.


What am I supposed to do with this man?


This man that was pounding inside her, fiercely rocking into her How was she supposed to block him?

What am I supposed to do?!


“Yuan”


His voice called out to her. His hands tightly gripped her hips.
His fierce thrusts They were all driving her crazy.


Mom would kill me if she knew. She would leap out of her grave. Yuan was currently embracing the son of the man who had destroyed her family and raped her mother. Just this thought alone made her throat tighten up.


Yuan grit her teeth. She shut her eyes tight. She wanted to block him. She wanted to erase these feelings. She wanted to deny it. She wanted to shake her head and deny it. However, the more she resisted, the more undeniable it became.


“Yuan”


He called out her name again. She wanted to cover her ears and block out that voice. She wanted to scream at him and ask

him to stop. However, Yuan didn’t do it. She couldn’t do it. She merely wrapped her arms around his neck. She sobbed as she pressed her face to the nape of his neck.


The tears The unstoppable tears ran down her cheeks.


JoonHun


She also wanted to call out his name.


Mr JoonHun


As much as she wanted, without a care in the world. She wanted to call out his name with love and passion.


But she couldn’t do it. Even as she was fiercely taking him in, she couldn’t call out his name as she wished. She couldn’t get herself to that point. She really couldn’t do it.

JoonHun’s movements became rough. He behaved like a person who lost his mind. It was as if he was trying to break her. He plunged into her as if he wanted them to die as one.


As he moved, he gripped her bottom tightly and didn’t leave her. Instead, his cock was plunging deeper and deeper inside her.


“Hnnng.”


Yuan sobbed. He took her sobs into his mouth. Like that, their bodies perfectly became one. Their entangled bodies, legs interlocked, embracing each other. They moved as one as if they were searching for salvation.


Their first climax made them both shudder.


“If you begin seeing another man, I’ll kill you.”


He sharply bit the nape of her neck.

“I’m warning you now, but I’ll really kill you. Don’t even look at them. Don’t talk to them. Don’t even acknowledge their presence.”


Yuan let out a soft moan and couldn’t respond.


In the night, a spring night where the heavy darkness dripped down like paint, the room was brimming with passion.


“Answer me, Min Yuan.”


He roughly grabbed her hair. Filled with pleasure and his semen, Yuan moaned weakly and narrowed her eyes.


“Alright.”


Yuan sobbed and whispered her answer.


Chuckling	with	satisfaction,	he	rotated	his	hips.	Still

stretched around his hard cock, Yuan felt as if he was going to destroy her insides. As the fever began to rise again, Yuan groaned as she clenched the sheets. JoonHun ripped her hand away and spoke.


“Don’t take off your wedding ring.”


He tangled his fingers with hers and spoke again.


“If you do something like this again, I’ll break all of your fingers.”


As he said this, his cock furiously plunged inside her again.


“Haa.”


Her hips twitched as she shuddered.


“Answer me.”

He whispered into her ear.


As she moaned, Yuan nodded. Satisfied with her answer, JoonHun lifted her hand and placed a kiss on her palm. Then he bit down on her empty ring finger.


Ugh, JoonHun listened to her groan and was satisfied. He continued to pump his hips as he licked and bit her hand, her wrist, and her arm. Finally, his lips landed on her breasts and he began to fiercely suck, as if he was going to swallow her whole. He lifted her legs up so high that he had almost folded her in half.


“Hold on a little bit longer, Yuan.”


He placed a pillow underneath her hips and her swollen petals were raised up. With that, JoonHun firmly pressed down into her. At the sudden intrusion, Yuan let out a faint moan. Underneath the dim lights, Yuan could clearly see his cock impaling her.


JoonHun got up and left her body. Then, with frightening

strength, JoonHun thrust back into her.


Aagh, Yuan shrieked as she threw back her head. JoonHun knew how much force he had just used, but he couldn’t hold back anymore.


“Yuan.”


He raised himself again as he cried out her name. Her swollen walls moved with his cock as he pulled out. Glistening with her fluids, his thick length looked like a deadly weapon. Even after having climaxed, it still wanted more.


He rammed into her again. Thrust, as the sound of slapping skin rang in the room, Yuan felt as if she had been struck by lightening. As a shudder pierced through her, Yuan screamed.


“Yuan”


He cried out her name like a prayer. Both of them were not in their right minds. With the sound of slapping flesh, Yuan was

buried into the bed by JoonHun’s ferocious thrusts. The pale moonlight spilled onto his back as his movements became rough and frantic.


Yuan, Yuan, his love-drunk voice calling out her name mixed in with her moans. Yuan screamed.


As his cock fiercely moved in and out of her entrance, a burst of fluids overflowed and dripped out. As if it had added fuel to the fire, they both burst into flames. Their bones, their flesh All of it melted away. It would be nice if they melted and truly became one. This world, everybody, everything disappeared.


Letting out a fierce groan, JoonHun raised himself up and went stiff. In between their crushed bodies, JoonHun’s cock twitched as it burst inside her, filling her up with his seed.


Hnnng, Yuan sobbed. Her tears flowed down her cheeks.
JoonHun lowered his head and licked them away.


“My wife”

He nibbled her ear and whispered.


“I’m in love with you, Min Yuan.”


He roughly entered her again as he whispered once more.

TaeKyung woke up in a haze of pain.


Sunlight crept into the room from between the curtains. An unfamiliar ceiling, the clearly visible packages of syringes. He could smell a sweet aroma wafting in from somewhere. When he smelled that familiar scent, he cried out his sister’s name. What happened?


He had been caught by President Min. He recalled being beaten, torn, and left to suffer until he almost died. Even though it didn’t seem like it would end, he tried to hang on with all his might. However, WooKyung-ahjussi couldn’t do it. It was unbearable watching WooKyung-ahjussi crumble and collapse before his very eyes.


In the end, TaeKyung had given up the account in Luxembourg to save WooKyung’s life, but President Min didn’t hesitate to kill him anyway.


Son of a bitch. TaeKyung was going to kill him. It was no longer enough to just bring him to his knees. If it wasn’t for Yuan holding him back , he would have already killed Min

DaeYup by now.


What happened?


He remembered seeing Yuan. His sister’s face was pale as she ran down to rescue him. How did his sister, who had always fainted at the sight of blood, manage to come down there? More importantly, how had she managed to bring him here?


Suddenly, he heard a click as the door opened followed by his sister’s voice.


“Oppa”


That slightly low voice that he had missed so much.


TaeKyung turned his head. Yuan was wearing a soft blouse with a pair of slacks. Her hair was left down. He quickly examined his sister. She didn’t look like she’d gotten hurt anywhere.

“I told you not to come.”


At his words, Yuan looked disappointed. They were finally able to properly talk after a year of being unable to, but the first thing he did was scold her. TaeKyung also didn’t like it, but he couldn’t help it.


“Don’t be ridiculous.”


Yuan approached him and gazed at his pale face.


“Do you know that you’ve been asleep for three days?”


Three days? He hadn’t realized. He had been in and out of consciousness, and everything felt like a dream.


“I didn’t know. Where are we?”


There was no way that they were at Seo JoonHun’s house,

right?


“Our house.”


Yuan said ‘our house’. For some reason, those words rubbed TaeKyung the wrong way. How did Seo JoonHun’s house become ‘our house’ to Yuan?


“What?”


“Mr JoonHun said”


Yuan slightly turned her eyes away. That was her habit whenever she felt awkward. TaeKyung became nervous.


“What did you tell him?”


His sister’s lips were shut tight. She turned her head and looked at him.

“He found your U.S. birth certificate. There was nothing I could do.”


My birth certificate?


TaeKyung frowned. His face stiffened at the realization. Seo JoonHun knew everything. He knew who his mother was, who he was, and what they had done.


But he brought me to his house? Why?


“Are you telling me that you somehow got Seo JoonHun to let me stay at this house?”


“Yeah.”


Yuan’s answer was short. TaeKyung narrowed his eyes as he looked at his sister. His sister was avoiding his eyes. The fierceness she had always shown whenever they talked about Seo JoonHun had disappeared. Was she No. There’s no way. Yuan knew who Seo JoonHun’s father was. There was no way

she’d open up her heart to him.


“Why?”


“”


Yuan didn’t reply. She merely clenched her hands. TaeKyung could see her wedding ring on her finger. Suddenly, he had a strange and horrible feeling.


“Why, Min Yuan?”


He asked again coldly. Finally pulling herself together, Yuan looked up.


“He said he’d help me.”


“Why?”

“Why are you asking me that? He found out about you, so I had to tell him the truth.”


“You told him everything? You told him about what his father did?”


Yuan’s face paled. As he watched his sister’s face harden, TaeKyung suddenly felt a sharp pain go through his body. He didn’t want any help from someone like Seo JoonHun. Just the fact that he was Seo JaeHyuk’s son was disgusting. Him being Yuan’s husband made him feel absolutely terrible.


If it wasn’t for Yuan’s plan to begin their revenge with the Dubai project, he would have never agreed to their marriage.


“He doesn’t know about that.”


“Why didn’t you tell him?”


“How can I tell him?! He’s the one that saved your life!”

Yuan spoke fiercely as her pale face looked at him.


“I couldn’t take you out of that basement on my own. That’s when Mr JoonHun came, and all I could do was ask him for help. He already knows that you and I stole the 500 billion won. We would have been killed by President Min if he left us there. How could I not ask for help?”


“Ah, so what did you say, Min Yuan? That our mother died at President Min’s hands, so please help us? And did he obediently agree? Why?”


Yuan merely glared back at him in silence.


He knew. He knew that Yuan had been helpless. She wanted to save him, but she didn’t see any other way. He knew why Seo JoonHun decided to help her. How many men could deny the woman they loved?


That wedding ring. Didn’t it explain everything?

“I don’t need any help from that bastard.”


Just the thought disgusted him.


“Ah, really? Then what should we do? The moment you leave this house, President Min will catch you again.”


“I’m not going to receive his help, even if it kills me.”


“Just why are you being like this, Oppa? Don’t you know the situation we’re in right now?”


“Why are you being like this, Min Yuan? After living with that dirty President Seo’s son, have you actually come to like him?”


“What?”


Yuan’s white face stiffened as she gave him a deadly glare. TaeKyung couldn’t stop. Yuan, his little sister, the one and only

person he loved in this world, was speaking such nonsense. He couldn’t stand it. Our house? Seo JoonHun’s house could never become ‘our house’ to her.


“Young Madame.”


They heard a man’s voice and a knock at the door. Yuan flinched and turned her head.


“Yes?”


The door opened, and they saw a middle-aged man’s face peek in.


“There’s something that needs your attention outside.”


“What is it?”


“A strange woman is asking for you outside the house.”

“What?”


Shocked, Yuan looked at TaeKyung.


A strange woman? Who else could that be?


“Eri?”


Yuan’s eyes widened at TaeKyung’s cold voice.


“You should have told me what the hell happened to you!”


A furious Eri began to explode in anger the moment she stepped into the sitting room. She had a slender figure and short hair like a boy’s. She wore form-fitting leggings and a matching leather jacket. She did look strange with her many piercings and combat boots, but she still looked stylish.


“Sorry. I couldn’t find the time to contact you.”

“Ah, is that so? You’re just the same as TaeKyung-oppa! You only appear when you need something, and when you don’t, you just forget.”


“It’s not like that.”


TaeKyung had been very sick for three days. On top of that, JoonHun didn’t go in to work during that time and drove her insane. When she finally had enough time to contact Eri, she found out that the money in Luxembourg under TaeKyung- oppa’s name had disappeared, driving her crazy once again.


The money had vanished.


She didn’t know what had happened, but she hadn’t brought it up to TaeKyung yet. How did that money under his name just disappear like that? Yuan was currently chasing after the money’s whereabouts.


“Something happened.”

“What? Did something happen to TaeKyung-oppa?”


“Oppa’s fine. He woke up just now.”


“Ah, really?”


Eri was glowing with anticipation and was about to walk away when she suddenly stopped. She just remembered TaeKyung warning her not to appear in front of him ever again.


“Damn it.”


Annoyed, Eri plopped onto the couch. The floor lamp next to the sofa began to wobble. Choi Myung, who had been standing by the door, became noticeably nervous. However, Eri didn’t show any concern.


She didn’t know why everything around her broke so easily.
Thankfully, she took care of her computers extremely well.

“Oppa’s going to be fine, right? The security here is no joke.
I couldn’t infiltrate it at all”


Amazingly, the surveillance cameras were kept off, so she couldn’t have peeked in.


“He’s fine. I just met with him.”


“Really?”


Looking disappointed, Eri bit her bottom lip. She was holding back her impulse to run to him. Yuan thought it was amazing that she was able to love someone so passionately. Yuan sighed and sat on the opposite sofa. Choi Myung brought in some tea.


“Please have a cup of tea.”


“Ah, I don’t drink tea, ahjussi. Do you have any beer? A refreshing one would be nice.”

“Eri, that’s enough.”


At Yuan’s glare and scolding, Eri shrugged her shoulders.


“Why? Not everyone likes tea. I drank enough tea back in England. Beer is best for me”


“I’ll go and bring one.”


As expected, Choi Myung was a pro.


Yuan’s neck felt strained. However, now that Eri was here


“Good. Have a beer and work a bit before you go.”


Eh? Eri blinked as she put her feet up on the table.



“Come in.”

The sunlight poured in through the tall windows, creating dark shadows across the room. A man sitting behind a large desk stood up and greeted JoonHun.


He was R&K’s president, Min DaeYup. He was legally Yuan’s father as well as JoonHun’s father-in-law. He was a formidable man weighing at about 100 kilograms. His wife, Hong SeRyung, was also in the office. When President Min saw JoonHun enter, he got up and greeted him happily. From behind President Min’s back, SeRyung was smiling strangely.


She was quite famous in the financial world. 10 years ago, she was a hostess at a bar in Gangnam. In one stroke, she managed to take over as the mistress of R&K. There were rumors going around that she was great in bed. There was talk that a man who had spent one night with her claimed that she could steal your soul.


These rumors must have been true. That snake-like President Min was still eating out of the palm of her hand.


“Have you been well?”

At JoonHun’s greeting, President Min approached him and shook his hand. His thick hands were damp with sweat. It was unpleasant, but JoonHun didn’t let it show.


“Thanks for coming all the way over here. Did you two have fun on your wedding anniversary?”


“Yes. Thanks to you, we had a good time.”


“You sent such an amazing gift. There’s no way they didn’t enjoy it.”


SeRyung’s voice interrupted their conversation. They were talking about the news that EUIB had agreed to invest 500 billion into the Dubai project. They seemed to have forgotten that the EUIB had agreed to the investment only because JoonHun had put double that amount up for collateral.


Like every other company, R&K’s chairman’s office was on the top floor of their building. The tall windows were so high and wide that it almost couldn’t be called a room at all. The windows were about 5 meters wide and 10 meters tall. One could

look down and see downtown Seoul and the Han River all at once.


A tower of Babel built on piles of money. Whenever one saw R&K, that was the first thought that came to mind. Was it because this company was an investment company?


28 years ago, thanks to the merger, the company had managed to rake in a lot of investors. However, its performance couldn’t be considered top-tier. Actually, they strangely suffered many losses in the beginning. After that, they absorbed a sturdy, smaller business called M&A.


The companies that President Min invested in would temporarily run into all sorts of problems, causing their stock prices to plummet. With their backs against the wall, these companies would then be reluctantly absorbed into R&K under the pretext of an investment.


Then, under the guise of restructuring, they would fire most of the employees before selling the company’s core technology or results to other companies to make a profit.

However, the past was the past.


Lately, President Min was trying very hard to change their reputation into an ethical company. He saved on taxes by supporting societal charities. He began to choose normal projects to invest in and used his PR department to its fullest.


Among that, his best decision was partnering up with HyunJin to form the consortium.


“Yes, my father is also very happy about it.”


“I’m sure he is. I’m also glad that we managed to avoid this messy situation. Once ‘The Tropical’ opens up, I’m sure our two companies will form an even stronger bond.”


President Min spoke as he smiled widely. JoonHun could see the gums of his teeth. It was almost too much for him to take. JoonHun lowered his eyes before speaking.


“I came because I had something to ask you. I was wondering

if you made any progress on finding out what happened in the Dubai incident. We are also investigating everything we can, but anything you have to share could greatly help us out.”


If he had captured Lee TaeKyung, found out about the mutual funds in Luxembourg, and already collected the 500 billion, shouldn’t he have notified HyunJin? However, there had been no word from President Min. He was the one that had shut his mouth and refused to say anything.


At JoonHun’s question, President Min hesitated. However, that old worm merely smiled greasily.


“Us? What could we have found out? We’re only putting our trust in HyunJin Aren’t you the ones that have the resources that rival that of the National Intelligence Service? I’m anxiously waiting for any news from your side.”


When JoonHun saw the gleam in President Min’s eyes, he realized that President Min already knew everything. However, both men kept their mouths shut. As if they already knew the other’s secrets but pretended not to.

And so this laughable game kept going.


If HyunJin brought up the 500 billion won, they would have to hand over Lee TaeKyung. If they didn’t hand over Lee TaeKyung, R&K would continue to keep their mouth shut about the 500 billion.


Damn it.


JoonHun coldly looked at President Min. This was a man who hid his true colors and constantly tried to take advantage of any situation. And he knew very well that the one who had infiltrated his house and taken Lee TaeKyung that night was JoonHun. Why else would his eyes be glowing as he watched JoonHun’s reaction?


Like a mischievous snake.


“Haaa, what kind of bastard Seriously If I ever catch him, I think I’ll break all his bones and just shatter him.”

After throwing out the threat, President Min leaned back and plopped down on to the leather sofa. His face even had an exaggerated look of disappointment.


“I’m sure you’re also furious. How can you find any sleep after putting so much up for collateral? Don’t worry. We’ll catch the culprit. We’re also looking into everything we can. Haa, it’s just that Dubai is so far away.”


I’m sure you are. JoonHun looked at him with a blank face. After knowing what had happened to Yuan and Lee TaeKyung, he couldn’t hand them over to R&K.


However, because JoonHun had put 1 trillion of his assets up for collateral, ‘The Tropical’ was going to proceed anyway. If this happened, then HyunJin would be the one suffering a loss.


What should I do about this bastard?


JoonHun laughed.

“What is it?”


President Min asked him. JoonHun raised his eyes and looked at him. He knew that Hong SeRyung was sitting next to her husband and watching JoonHun’s expression carefully.


“It’s nothing. Just”


In order to avoid Hong SeRyung’s sharp gaze, JoonHun began to act.


“Honestly, I was worried after having put up so much for collateral and came here to find you.”


“Ayyy, I told you not to worry. We’re not strangers. Aren’t we family? Things will work out, so don’t worry.”


President Min’s warm laughter was quite disgusting.

Suddenly, the smartphone on the desk rang.


“Ah, just a minute.”


President Min got up and answered the call.


“What?”


	President, something’s happened.


“What happened?”


	I think a problem has come up on our office network. Don’t turn on your computer no matter what.


“What?”


	Ah! Even your smartphone.
“Haa, what are you talking about, you bastard?”


	I think a hacker might have broken in. All of the company computers are acting strange.


“What?”


JoonHun slightly raised his eyebrow.


Hacking?


Suddenly, he got a text from Derrick.

Vroooom. JoonHun’s car accelerated. As it approached his house, JoonHun saw that Derrick had already arrived.


“Just drop me off at the front door. After that, you may leave, Secretary Kang.”


Secretary Kang had a strange expression on his face when he heard JoonHun’s words.


“Ah Yes, sir.”


What’s going on with him lately?


He heard that JoonHun gave all the employees within the house some time off and that only the butler, Choi Myung, remained. Also, there was no trace of the young madame. On the day they had left for the main house, only JoonHun had returned. Whether she had gone back to her father’s house or whether she had gone somewhere else, no one knew.

After Yoon HeeSoo heard about this, she bristled and began to nag Secretary Kang for answers, but it was no use. He didn’t know anything either. As the head of security at HyunJin, it looked like Derrick knew something, but he kept his mouth shut. Didn’t JoonHun go to the R&K headquarters today because of the young madame?


Secretary Kang was extremely curious about what had happened, but he was in no place to ask.


“Please pick me up at the same time tomorrow.”


With that, JoonHun got out of the car. Secretary Kang saw a blonde man, who had been leaning on the dark gray SUV, straighten up and approach JoonHun. It was Derrick Khabensky, the man in charge of security at HyunJin. He was Russian-American and very well-known within the company. Secretary Kang watched the two men walk away through the side-view mirror.


Derrick and JoonHun’s builds were very similar. Both were tall and lean.

“What happened?”


At JoonHun’s question, Derrick took off his sunglasses and looked at him.


“That’s what I wanted to ask you. Just what in the hell is going on? We managed to bypass it, but the attack started with HyunJin. What if someone finds out? The data servers at the headquarters were even turned off. Hey, you need to go rein in your wife.”


“Let’s go up.”


JoonHun didn’t know what happened, but he needed to go and talk to Yuan. The two went inside. When they got off the elevator, JoonHun was surprised to see that Choi Myung was nowhere to be seen.


He always saw Choi Myung waiting to greet him whenever he returned home. Seeing that he wasn’t here, JoonHun became tense. He didn’t see any security guards either. The surveillance system outside was still recording, but it was still possible that

something had gone wrong.


“Yuan!”


As soon as he reached the 4th floor, JoonHun looked for Yuan. He checked her bedroom, but all he found was a sleeping TaeKyung. Surprised, JoonHun and Derrick went to the 2nd floor to check the dining room and the study. When they approached the study, they finally heard noises indicated someone’s presence.


He quickly opened the study door and was absolutely shocked by what he saw.


It was complete chaos inside the room. He didn’t know where all these computers came from, but the study was full of machines and cables. All the monitors were running computer programs without pause. Even Choi Myung was standing there holding up a TV monitor.


“Ah, Director. How did you come back so early?”

Choi Myung’s surprise was evident on his face.


“Director?”


Someone stood up and looked towards JoonHun. It was a strange woman with a slim figure, white face, black lipstick, and short hair. Next to her, Yuan had been looking intently at the monitor. She suddenly stood up. His wife was wearing glasses and her long hair was tied up.


“Joo-Mr JoonHun?”


She quickly took off her glasses and called out his name. All three of them seemed shocked to see that the master of this study had returned.


“Just what is”


JoonHun opened his mouth in shock.

“Wow, holy crap.”


JoonHun heard Derrick’s voice from behind his back, but he didn’t turn around. He wasn’t sure if he should laugh or be furious.


“Will somebody explain what is going on?”


At his words, Yuan came to her senses. She quickly glanced at Eri and Choi Myung.


“So, that is”


“I will go and prepare some tea.”


Choi Myung was the first to make his escape.


“Ah, I like tea!”

Eri brazenly lied as she followed after Choi Myung. She stopped for a moment when she arrived at JoonHun’s side.


“H-Hello. We met at your wedding for a bit I’m Yuan’s friend.”


Then she immediately followed Choi Myung and left the room.


JoonHun continued to stare at Yuan with his arms crossed across his chest. When he heard Derrick awkwardly clear his throat behind him, JoonHun spoke without turning around.


“Get out.”


Derrick was disappointed that he wouldn’t be able to see this interesting scene unfold, but he helplessly turned around and left the room.


Now that everyone had left, only JoonHun and Yuan were left in  the  room.  He  had  his  arms  crossed,  and  Yuan  stood

awkwardly behind the desk.


“Come here.”


He finally spoke.


Yuan walked over to him.


“First, kiss me.”


At his words, Yuan was surprisingly obedient as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. This was it. When he came home, the first thing he needed to receive was his wife’s kiss.


Yuan was confused, but her kiss was sweet. Like a cat, she lightly swept her tongue over his lips before pulling back.


“Now, explain. What did you do today?”

“If I want to erase any trace of TaeKyung-oppa from R&K, I needed to mess around with their data servers.”


“So you released a virus?”


“I also needed to know what President Min did with the 500 billion he took from Oppa.”


“What?”


JoonHun’s eyes widened. She found out where that bastard had put the 500 billion won? Yuan put her glasses back on and began to walk back to her computer.


Thankfully, President Min’s method of money laundering was much more outdated than Yuan’s. It almost couldn’t even be called money laundering.


“President Min’s slush fund is in an account under Hong SeRyung’s name at the Zurich Cantonal Bank. It looks like he has amassed 1 trillion won. The money has been trickling in for

28 years, ever since the RyuHwa and KeumYoung merged.”


For 28 years?


JoonHun raised an eyebrow. That was when R&K had formed. So he had been embezzling money from the company since then?


“Then all we need to do is release this information.”


“How? As you know, Swiss banks don’t reveal the identity of its account holders. No matter how much you try and tell them that it’s an illegal account, no bank will release that information.”


“The laws have changed, and there are ways to make it public.”


“When? First, there has to be a formal charge filed against the formation of the slush fund, and that will only happen after an investigation and a trial. We’ll be lucky if it happens within 10

years.”


JoonHun crossed his arms and looked at Yuan.


He felt as if he was now seeing his wife’s true face now that she had completely thrown away her quiet and graceful mask. In her black blouse and slacks with her hair haphazardly tied up, wearing glasses This was Osiris. The legend of the cyberworld. It was one thing to hear about it, but it was a completely different feeling to actually see it with his own eyes.


As she glared at him, JoonHun thought that this Min Yuan was very similar to the one he had seen at the Japanese restaurant. The same overbearing woman who had ordered, ‘Don’t move.’


Is this really you? This clever woman who has no fear?


To be honest, he liked this side of her way better than the graceful young madame. JoonHun looked at this new Yuan with appreciation.

“So what do you want to do?”


For a moment, she just stood still. Then she crossed her arms like JoonHun and leaned on the desk. He could tell that she was debating whether to say something or not.


“What is it?”


JoonHun slightly furrowed his brow and asked. He suddenly had a bad feeling that she was going to say something strange.


“Mr JoonHun.”


“What?”


“Should we try and rob the Swiss bank?”


What?

JoonHun blankly stared at her. It took a long time for him to process what she had just said.


“Rob what?”


“The bank.”


“Are you crazy?”


No matter how fearless she was, how could she even contemplate robbing a bank?


Well, the woman in front of him was Min Yuan. A woman who had fearlessly stolen 500 billion won. A woman who had made that money disappear in an instant and laundered it countless times. A woman who had caused chaos to erupt in the PyeongChang neighborhood as she went in alone just to save her brother.


But still robbing a bank? And not just any bank. A Swiss bank!

“Absolutely not!”


He shook his head once.


“Have you lost your mind? You’re talking about the Swiss bank. Do you know what will happen if you get caught?”


Even if this was her first offense, she would still be sentenced to life in prison. Switzerland wasn’t a county that would let this pass.


“You met with President Min today, right?”


JoonHun frowned at Yuan’s words.


“Did you have me followed?”


“Of course not. I only assumed because, by now, both you and President Min would have investigated each other about what

had happened. President Min has a good head on his shoulders. He will be questioning your involvement and try to feel you out. He’s already withdrawn the money, and once TaeKyung-oppa is eliminated, that money will all be his. I’m sure he’s already realized that you’re the one who took TaeKyung-oppa. Am I wrong?”


What a scary woman. JoonHun felt that his wife was incredibly perceptive. On top of that, she was a hacker. From now on, it would be difficult for him to hide his whereabouts from her. Ah, now wasn’t the time to be thinking about this.


“You’re right.”


“Until you return TaeKyung-oppa to him, President Min won’t say that he has already found the 500 billion.”


Then the future of the Dubai project is uncertain, and the probability of JoonHun losing his 1 trillion would be high.


“But robbing a bank?”

“We wouldn’t technically be robbing the bank. We can’t steal it.”


“Then what are you talking about?”


Yuan grinned and approached him. For some reason, her walk looked flirtatious. It put JoonHun on edge. He couldn’t give in and let his wife do whatever she wanted. He felt that he needed to be fully alert right now.


“I just want to bring the money back into Korea.”


“What?”


“To be more specific, we’re going to be returning the slush fund to its rightful owner: President Min.”


“Just what are you talking about? You want to transfer the funds from the Swiss bank back to Korea?”

“Right.”


Yuan touched his necktie and smiled.


They were going to send it back to Korea. They were going to take Hong SeRyung’s 1 trillion and merely put it into Hong SeRyung’s account in Korea.


Just moving around 100,000 won would alert the computers of the Financial Supervisory Service of the National Tax Bureau, but they were going to be moving 1 trillion. And this money was seemingly going to appear out of thin air from the Swiss bank.


There was no way that the Financial Supervisory Service of the National Tax Bureau would just leave this alone. From R&K’s perspective, this would publicly reveal how the family had collected this large sum of money and moved it around.


The money R&K had obtained from Luxembourg would also be included in that slush fund. This would allow HyunJin to inquire into R&K over the Dubai incident, and they would finally have the opportunity to recover JoonHun’s collateral.

Furthermore, this would also open the door for arrest warrants to be charged for Chairman Min and Hong SeRyung for embezzlement and fraud. All in one swoop. So this technically wasn’t a robbery.


Cunning like a fox.


JoonHun stretched out his hand and whispered.


“No, Yuan.”


Even if the account was being transferred to an account with the same owner, defrauding a bank was clearly against the law. No. This was ridiculous. It was too dangerous. It was impossible.


“Ah! Why not?!”


At that moment, they heard voices yell out in unison. Surprised, JoonHun and Yuan looked back. Eri, Derrick, and Choi Myung, who was holding the tea, were standing there.

“I apologize, Director. I only wanted to bring in some tea”


“JoonHun, why can’t we do that? We’re just sending that money to the same owner. This is an incredible idea!”


“Let’s do it! Why can’t we? It sounds like a lot of fun!”


The three all spoke at the same time. Dumbfounded, JoonHun sharply raised his eyes.


“Get out. All of you, stop being ridiculous!”


His shout rang throughout the corridor.

Two weeks had passed. Today, President Min received an emergency alert from the Zurich Cantonal Bank.


“Sir, I’ve received horrible news.”


Secretary Yang entered the chairman’s office with a pale face.


“It looks like something has happened at the Swiss bank.”


“What? What do you mean?”


President Min scowled at the secretary. They were still recovering from the hacking that had taken over the company two weeks ago.


An infamous hacking program called ‘ransomware’ had infiltrated the R&K headquarters and taken the list of investors as well as a tremendous amount of data. Those bastards had even destroyed the backup data servers.

In return for the data, they were demanding 2 billion won!


He didn’t want to hand over that much money no matter what, but he didn’t know what would happen to the data if he didn’t pay up. The problem was the VIP investors. The data included information on the top secret projects they had invested in. Helpless, President Min bit the bullet and sent them the ransom money.


It was like the apocalypse. He had spent all that money on security, but they had still succumbed to that lousy program.


But now the Swiss bank?! Just what was going on with this world?


“Early this morning, someone attempted to hack into the Swiss bank systems.”


“H-Hacking?”


Haa Those crazy bastards.

“So what happened?”


“Thankfully, the bank security system caught it and blocked it. Still, it looks like it left them pretty shaken, so they’re strengthening their security system as we speak. They’ve given anything related to the hacker over to the Swiss police.”


“Of course they should! After all that money I’ve put in that bank?!”


President Min’s face reddened in anger. He was worried that he’d lose a penny of his precious money. The money inside that account shouldn’t have any problems, right? A million worries filled his mind, but right now, he wanted to check and make sure that his money was okay.


“So what are they going to do?”


“They’re asking you to quickly head over to their headquarters in Zurich. Since this is a security issue, they want you to change your password as well as update their facial and fingerprint recognition systems. They’re saying that this can’t

be done at the Korean branch.”


“What? I need to go there personally?”


“It seems that this is a serious issue. They’re saying this can’t be done at a branch office.”


“Damn it.”


President Min quickly took his phone and called his wife. What would he do if there was a problem with his account in the Swiss bank? Nothing was safe in this day and age. These days, the wicked thieves used all sorts of methods to rob people.


“Where are you? What? At a skin care facility? Why are you going there again? Get out and come here right now!”


He threw down his phone with a bang.

“Fuck!”


The curses began to come out automatically. If his son wasn’t so young, he would have divorced her already.


Whenever he thought about how his young wife had an affair with Lee TaeKyung, he was filled with rage. He knew it would happen. Every woman who saw that bastard’s pretty face began to drool. That went for all those secretary bitches as well as his wife. They were all wiped out with that bastard’s one look.


“That’s why all of them leaked out those secrets.”


He didn’t know how far Lee TaeKyung’s reach was within R&K. What he did know was that Lee TaeKyung was a wicked man who used any means necessary to get what he wanted. Only when they had almost killed that bastard WooKyung did he finally crack and tell them where the money was.


Was he now messing with the Swiss account? Thinking about how TaeKyung had made the 500 billion disappear in Dubai, President Min felt that he was up to something again.

Who helped him escape? If it was HyunJin, they would have found out everything and made a move by now. With 1 trillion on the line, they wouldn’t just sit still.


He felt that he was going to go crazy from worrying about the Swiss account. He wanted to hide it away somewhere, but there was no other place more secure than the Swiss banks.


Damn it, if it was this hard to store money away, what was he going to do from now on? He couldn’t lose a penny of it. He needed to personally go to the Swiss bank and give them a piece of his mind. He needed them to take 100% responsibility if something went wrong.


“We’ll leave today if we can, so reserve our seats!”


He fumed as he threw his phone across the room.


When President Min and Hong SeRyung had finally arrived at the Zurich International Airport, one day had passed. It was 10:30 AM in Swiss time. After getting off their first class Swiss Air flight, President Min’s face looked quite grim. The faces of

all the security guards and secretaries around him looked tense.


Two limousines were standing by at the airport for them. As everyone got into the cars, they remained silent. The cars exited downtown Zurich and went onto the outskirt roads, racing southward towards Lake Zug. During the whole car ride, President Min and Hong SeRyung didn’t speak once.


President Min, who had flown into a rage after hearing about her and Lee TaeKyung, remained silent in front of his wife. Revealing each other’s private lives would be a foolish thing to do. This was because they both knew too much about the other.


The car passed by picturesque sceneries and antiquated villages. In no time, they had finally entered a town that still had preserved traces of the Middle Ages in its architecture. They approached a building that used to be the location of the salt merchants’ guild 200 years ago. They finally stopped in front of the elegant, German-style building at 11:18 AM.


Thud, right after the car door closed, a blond man came out to greet them.

The man was wearing a dark gray suit and a calm expression, seemingly a bank employee. He seemed to be in his 50’s. His blond hair was mixed with specks of gray, and he was a tall man who seemed to be of German descent. Above his head hung a sign stating that this was the Zurich Cantonal Bank.


[Welcome. My name is Hans Benerst. I’m the manager of the Zurich Cantonal Bank.]


The man spoke in English. President Min didn’t reply to him and just entered the building. He was disgusted with the way this bank was handling its security.


This bank boasted about its public confidence and defense measures, but this was all they could do? Even if they couldn’t understand Korean, President Min was thinking about pouring out a string of curses at them, but the most important thing right now was to check on his account.


“This way, sir.”


The frozen Secretary Yang politely showed him the way. It

was an old building, but the entrance lighting and the transparent walls gave off a sturdy and neat impression. The manager took out his ID card to open five doors and use the elevator. They then went through the security checkpoints and entered two more doors.


They were finally at the 3rd floor of the basement. As soon as they arrived at the VIP room, the manager turned around and spoke.


[From this point on, only the account holder may enter. Ah, you cannot bring your cellphone inside either. I apologize. Any devices that can communicate with the outside is considered to be a security hazard here.]


Secretary Yang looked perplexed. President Min looked as if he was going to kill Secretary Yang.


[I apologize, but President Min needs to enter as well.]


Now the manager looked perplexed. Secretary Yang grit his teeth and spoke up once more.

[If you tell us it’s not allowed one more time, we will be switching banks.]


At this, the manager looked shocked. He slowly nodded his head.


[Then the two of them may enter. However, you will have to stay outside.]


[Ah, but who will translate]


“Leave it. I can understand this much.”


President Min spoke with an irritated tone as he entered the room. Hong SeRyung followed after him. Secretary Yang was stood awkwardly as he was left behind. He looked like a puppy who had lost its master.


[Please take a seat.]

As soon as President Min entered the room, he glared at his surroundings. He had come here a few times within the past few years, so the room looked familiar. He dragged Hong SeRyung to the seats in front of the desk and sat her down.


On the desk, a computer system had been set up that he had never seen before. However, it was to be expected. As the times changed, so did the technology.


[Then, let’s begin with your passports]


“What?”


Replying in Korean to the man’s English, SeRyung frowned. How dare this man ask for her passport as soon as they entered this room? She was suddenly extremely irritated, but this was a bank. It was for the sake of security, so there was nothing she could do.


Protocol was like bread and butter to these bank bastards. They couldn’t overlook checking their passports. SeRyung helplessly  opened  her  purse  and  obediently  took  out  her

passport.


After that, it was just a string of boring procedures. Passport, face scan, and fingerprint scans. They also had to secretly input their password. They might have even asked them to draw blood so that they could check their DNA if they could.


Once they had passed through all of these steps to confirm their identities, President Min was finally able to check the account that was held under SeRyung’s name. He raised the written memo of the deposit amount and double-checked the bank statement.


In the span of one day, the money had actually increased thanks to the interest. Finally, President Min’s face cracked a smile.


[Now, please input your new password.]


Those words spoiled his mood, but

President Min showed the man the new, complicated password he had already brought with him. As the account holder, SeRyung carefully punched in the password, but she wouldn’t be able to remember it. Afraid that she would memorize the password, President Min immediately put the piece of paper back in is breast pocket once she was done.


While it felt disgusting, there was nothing he could do. She should be thankful that this account was under her name. A green light indicated that the new password had been stored successfully. Once everything was confirmed, the manager’s face finally showed some relief.


[Thank you for coming such a long distance to do this.]


“Do better next time, ya bastard.”


At the manager’s polite words, President Min rudely answered back in Korean and stood up. The fact that he had to come all the way to the Swiss bank for this made him irritated the more he thought about it, but he also felt that his account was now more secure.

Finally, after everything had been settled, they left the security offices. After passing through the frustrating security checkpoints and narrow passageways, they saw Secretary Yang waiting outside the building and got in their limousines.


“Let’s go.”


At his order, the car began to move. The bulky car raced along the stone road with a vroom. After making sure all the vehicles had gone, the blond manager faintly smiled.


He turned around and went back inside the building. He went through the main entrance and got back on the elevator. He retraced his steps and went through the same motions as before. He went into the security office and saw Eri sitting inside.


“Got it?”


“Yeah.”


The manager then began to take off his silicone mask. He

transformed from Hans Benerst, a German man in his 50’s, into the blond Derrick in his 30’s.


“What about Min Yuan-?”


Derrick laughed as he asked.


“She’s already on her way to the bank.”


Eri’s voice was uncharacteristically tense.


The ‘Zurich Cantonal Bank’ sign above the main entrance was taken down and disappeared in an instant. The locals were told that they were shooting a movie here. Since a few days ago, they had seen actors dressed as spies shooting action scenes in front of the building that had been built to look exactly like the real bank.

10 seconds after President Min and Hong SeRyung’s car had departed, the real Hans Benerst was waiting at the real Zurich Cantonal Bank a few blocks away. He was waiting for the VVIP client who was coming all the way from Korea.


A few days ago, they had been alerted to an attempted cyber attack. Thanks to that, the security offices were drowning in calls. The security offices sent over their emergency team, and they were currently still investigating the security systems of the neighboring towns.


However, the VVIP client in Korea had somehow heard about this incident and had insisted on visiting the bank personally. They began to endlessly question the bank about their security before finally announcing that they were going to transfer their entire account back to their country of Korea.


That would cause a lot of problems for the bank, but in the end, they couldn’t do anything more to hold on to this longtime client. This client had stored a large sum of money in the bank, so the bank had also used a lot of resources to maintain. He wouldn’t be getting that promotion after this. Hans was irritated, but there was nothing he could do about it.

The Zurich Cantonal Bank didn’t have an online banking feature. Therefore the account holders had to personally come to the main bank to withdraw their accounts.


One could see it as a last-ditch effort to dissuade clients from leaving. Hans was prepared to offer his client an exceptional interest rate to get them to stay.


He saw the VVIP limousine enter the town through the surveillance camera. He checked his necktie one last time before heading for the elevator. The elevator door was already open, and the security camera inside was recording Hans as he entered. The surveillance footage glitched for a moment but then went back to normal.


[Welcome.]


The limousine door opened, and a slender leg in black stockings stepped out. Hans swallowed.


He had heard that this was the Korean president of R&K’s young wife. The slender, beautiful woman was living with a

man who could be her father. Her brown, wavy hair, her cold face covered in sunglasses, her red lips, and her short Chanel dress.


[This way.]


She languidly followed after him. Behind her was a tall man who seemed to be her bodyguard or secretary. He was also wearing sunglasses.


They got on an elevator and went up. They went through seven rooms and flawlessly passed through the security checkpoints. When they arrived at the identity checkpoint, the woman took off her sunglasses and pulled back her hair. Her light, smokey-eye make-up made her seem sexy and haughty.


Hong SeRyung. Once they checked her passport, they let her through. They checked the man’s passport as well. His name was Jin SooHan, and he was from Hong Kong.


When they finally entered the VVIP room, they sat in front of the machine that would be scanning their faces and their

fingerprints.


[Please place your head here.]


The woman slowly put brought her head closer to the machine.


Yuan’s grip on her purse tightened. It would be a lie to say she wasn’t nervous. It was one thing to practice the motions back when they were still planning this. But now that she was actually here, her feelings were totally different. However, now that they had come this far, there was no going back.


Behind her, Seo JoonHun didn’t waver. He was constantly against this plan for the past week, but in the end, he had no choice but to lose to Yuan’s persuasion and persistence.


He only had one condition.


He would go with her.

Surprised, Yuan shot it down, but he was also stubborn. He wasn’t going to let her go alone in this situation. If something went wrong, it wouldn’t only the end for her. It would also be the end for him.


“If I’m there with you, we’ll be able to solve any problem that comes our way.”


As JoonHun spoke persistently, he stood up to her. What was she going to do? Even though it sounded ridiculous, Yuan was confident she could do it. However, she felt extremely nervous about letting JoonHun help her. Derrick and Eri stepped up and told her they’d help out, and only then did she begin to feel better.


They had already rolled the dice. The only way out was to pull through to the end. She needed to trust in Derrick and Eri, who currently had the ‘Book of Death’ ready to operate at a computer at any moment. JoonHun and Yuan needed to succeed no matter what.


While a face was being scanned, the bank’s security monitor would show the actual Hong SeRyung’s face that was scanned when the account was initially opened. However, if Eri had

successfully hacked into the system, the face on the monitor would be changed to Yuan’s face instead.


Would they succeed?


Her hands dampened with sweat.


Yuan clenched her teeth and tightened her grip on her purse. Once this was over, there was no way back. She felt as if every cell on her face was on edge.


The manager looked at her strangely. If she hesitated any more, she would attract suspicion. She barely suppressed the impulse to get up and leave the room. She calmly put her head on the scanning machine.


A red line of light skimmed up and down over her face. The manager hunched over and looked at the computer monitor. The page with the German word for ‘Security’ did not change on the screen. Hans slightly frowned.

[I apologize. Could you do that one more time, Miss Hong?]


Eri!


Yuan groaned inside and helplessly put her head back on the machine. She could feel JoonHun’s eyes behind her. The red light skimmed up and down once again until, Beep. The machine made a sound as the computer moved on to the next page.


It monitor showed Yuan’s face instead of Hong SeRyung’s.
Then the words ‘Identity confirmed’ flashed on the screen.


Hans faintly smiled.


[Now we’ll move onto your fingerprints. Please place your right hand onto the scanner.]


Yuan wiped her sweaty hand on her dress and raised her hand. Again, a red line of light skimmed over her hand. And again, ‘Identity confirmed’.

They were finally at the last step. Hans gestured over to the tablet in front of her. The final step was inputting the password. It would be the thirteen-character password that the real Hong SeRyung had just put in at the fake bank.


Yuan carefully punched in the thirteen characters. She had memorized the password that Eri had passed on to her before she had arrived at the bank.


However, a red warning appeared on the tablet screen indicating that the password was incorrect.


[Huh?]


Yuan, JoonHun, and Hans were all surprised.


[Ah, did you make a mistake? You may try one more time.]


That was definitely the password

Yuan’s heart twisted inside her chest as she punched in the password one more time. But it still failed.


Oh my god. She felt like she was going to lose her mind. This was definitely the password that Eri had given her. Yuan frantically tried to recall the password.


[I’m sorry. Please think about it one more time. Once you put in the wrong password three times, the security system here locks the account. In that case, you need to come back and try again tomorrow.]


They couldn’t let that happen. Yuan paled. JoonHun carefully approached her from behind and spoke to her in Korean.


“Calm down. It’s okay.”


Calm down. It’s okay. These two sentences had many meanings. Yuan carefully took a deep breath and tried to recall the password. Was she feeling so hurried that she hadn’t heard correctly? Did she get 1 and 2 mixed up?

If she knew it was going to be like this, she would have asked for it in a text message. She shouldn’t have just listened to it while she was in such a nervous state. Additionally, in order to not get 1 and 2 mixed up, Eri had definitely used ‘hana’ and ‘dool’ to differentiate between the two. Had she gotten 2 and 6 mixed up instead?


She couldn’t think properly. Everything was getting dizzy. Yuan came back to her senses and looked back at the tablet with determination. If it didn’t work, this would be the end. They could just end it here. But what about JoonHun? It didn’t matter what happened to her, but what about JoonHun? Please


She punched in the numbers again. This time, she changed the 2 into a 6.


Beep, beep. With that sound, her password was confirmed.


She wanted to shout with joy.


[Ah, thank goodness, Miss.]

Hans spoke brightly and straightened up.


900,000 Swiss francs.


In Korean currency, it amounted to a little over 1.0138 trillion won. Yuan suppressed her emotions and raised her eyes to look at Hans. He was currently rambling on about what a big loss this would mean for the bank, how this bank had helped this account make a lot of money.


[Mr. Benerst, I understand what you’re saying, but Madame’s mind has already been made.]


JoonHun leisurely spoke up from behind her and stopped the manager from continuing.


[Don’t you think we reconsidered this on our way over here? We know how much care and attention your bank gave us. However, this has already been decided, so please don’t waste any more of our time.]

Hans let out a sigh and nodded.


[Yes, I understand. Then to which account would you like to transfer your deposit?]


Yuan opened her purse and handed over a piece of paper to Hans. Hong SeRyung’s Korean account number was written on the paper.


[Are you planning on moving all of it to Korea?]


[Yes, that’s right.]


The man tilted his head for a moment. This would definitely induce a tax audit over the origin of these funds. However, since they said it had already been decided, he didn’t say anything.


[Yes, I understand.]

He entered the deposit amount, routing number, and the address into the computer. Finally, he clicked the mouse.


In that instant, the funds had been transferred.


[It’s finished.]


Yuan felt as if the bank manager’s voice was floating in a dream.


Yuan raised her head and looked at him. That’s it? 900,000 Swiss francs. 1 trillion won in Korean currency.


She silently got up from her seat and calmly turned around. No one knew how it took almost all of her energy to stay calm. She felt as if her feet weren’t touching the ground. Every time Yuan put one foot in front of the other, she felt the strength return to her body.


After they exited the thick iron door and passed through the security checkpoints, she could finally see the sunlight shining

through the front glass doors.


And the limousine.


Get yourself together.


Yuan tried to stay alert. JoonHun opened the car door. Yuan got inside. A little distance away, underneath the bank sign, she could see a surveillance camera. She could see the cameras inside the cars parked far away.


Were they recording her as she got inside this limousine?
Were they going to record the limousine leaving the bank?


Right now, Eri and Derrick were probably working hard to hack into the network to erase all the surveillance footage of Yuan and JoonHun. Oblivious to the bloody war that was taking place, the city of Zurich looked peaceful.


Finally, the limousine began to depart. The driver was wearing a cap that covered a lot of his face. He turned around

and spoke.


“Well done.”


It was Choi Myung.


After that, no one spoke a word. The limousine drove for one hour before arriving at a secluded road in Baden.


“Please get off here.”


Choi Myung turned around and spoke.


“I will leave first to return this car to my friend.”


Friend. Honestly, Yuan was quite shocked by Choi Myung this time. The friend he was speaking of was an international smuggling syndicate. Burner phones and unregistered vehicles were nothing to this organization. How did Choi Myung know

these kinds of people?


“I had a shady past.”


Choi Myung had said indifferently at Yuan’s wondering gaze. Then, as if it was nothing, he had managed to obtain forged passports, an unregistered car, and even an unregistered plane. She had spent over a year with this man, but Choi Myung was still a mystery to her. Why else would she have searched him up on the internet?


However, there was no trace of him online. He didn’t have a personal email or any ID. He had worked at HyunJin for 30 years, but there was no record of him.


“There’s a car that contains anything else you will need in the forest. Here’s the key to the car.”


Choi Myung handed out the car key as he spoke. She looked over at the forest he was talking about. Past a small hill, she could see an overgrown forest of tall ash trees piercing the sky.

“It’s alright. Just follow the sun westward. It will be about a 20 minute walk. You’ll find it in no time.”


“Don’t worry about us.”


“Then I’ll see you both in Paris. Please be careful.”


“Stay safe as well, Mr. Choi.”


Choi Myung faintly smiled at JoonHun’s words and replied.


“Don’t worry about me, Young Master.”


Young Master? Yuan was surprised. Choi Myung had always called JoonHun ‘Director’. Even though the term ‘Young Master’ seemed old-fashioned, she could feel the warmth in Choi Myung’s voice when he said it.


The limousine accelerated with a vroom and raced off into the

distance. The sun began to set and shone its brilliant rays on the green hills.



“Let’s go.”


Inside the forest, Choi Myung had left a small convertible. They could also see a backpack full of traveling necessities. JoonHun opened the passenger side door for Yuan. Once she was seated, he walked over to the other side and sat in the driver’s seat.


“Damn it, why did he get such a small car?”


Compared to the cars that JoonHun was used to driving, this car looked very tiny.


Even though she was still covered in cold sweat, Yuan couldn’t help but laugh. Seeing JoonHun crumpled up in the driver’s seat as he drove, Yuan thought he looked hilarious.


“How can you laugh right now?”

He grumbled as he asked.


“Just look at you.”


“Fine. As long as you’re having fun.”


The car’s engine went vroom as they slowly began to move.


As they exited the forest, they saw a 2-lane road. The green hills looked like rolling waves. They looked around at their surroundings as JoonHun turned the steering wheel and began to head west.


With both her hands clasped together, Yuan frantically checked the rear view mirror. Despite her worries, it didn’t look like anyone following them. Were they okay? Did they really succeed?


Suddenly, they heard sirens.

The blood drained from Yuan’s face. She couldn’t speak. At first, she thought she was just hearing things, but after seeing JoonHun’s face, she knew that she had definitely heard police sirens.


“Oh my god.”


A groan burst out of her lips.


What were they supposed to do?


Having turned ghastly pale, Yuan looked over at JoonHun. He was also pale. This was the first time she had seen him like this. Have they been caught? That quickly? How could they escape this situation?


They were going up against a Swiss bank. Even the slightest careless mistake would have enormous repercussions. She was going to have to face the consequences. Including JoonHun.


“Stop the car.”

Yuan’s voice was tight. Surprised, JoonHun looked at her.


“You need to run away. Hurry!”


His eyes narrowed and pierced into her. Suddenly, he began to laugh.


“Min Yuan, get ahold of yourself.”


“Mr JoonHun! Now isn’t the time to be doing this!”


“I’m not going anywhere without you.”


His voice was firm.


“Mr JoonHun!	Stop	being	ridiculous.	You	haven’t	done anything. Stop the car right now. I’m the one who did this!”

He stretched out his hand and grasped hers. He grabbed it so tightly that she couldn’t shake him off.


“Min Yuan, listen well.”


He turned his head and glared at her. Thousands of emotions whirled around them like a tornado, but his eyes didn’t waver.


“I’m not going anywhere. Both of us decided to do this, and both of us are going to figure it out together. Don’t worry.”


“Mr JoonHun!”


She could clearly see the police cars now. Two white cars with orange decals were quickly chasing after them. JoonHun’s hand tightened on the steering wheel.


Tears began to pool in Yuan’s eyes. This was all her fault. It was all her fault that JoonHun had been dragged into this. What was she going to do now?!

They stopped the car. An unbelievable silence pressed down on them. JoonHun was tightly holding Yuan’s hand, and the police cars began to get closer.


Weeeewoooo! As the sound of the sirens got closer, the police cars suddenly passed them and continued racing on ahead.


What? Shocked, Yuan watched them leave. She watched as the police cars raced over the hill, leaving dust in their wake.


It wasn’t us?


“Haa.”


She finally let out her breath. In all the confusion, she couldn’t think properly. She had truly believed that they were coming after them. She looked at JoonHun. He was staring back at her in surprise.


As they grasped each other’s hand, they couldn’t move. The silence settled. They didn’t know who started it, but both of

them began to laugh.


“Pffft, hahahahaha.”


Yuan and JoonHun laughed like they had gone insane. They recalled each other’s pale faces and couldn’t stop laughing. Wow, she never thought she’d see that kind of expression on Seo JoonHun’s face. He had been ghastly pale. Of course, so had she.


No matter how fearless they were, to think that they had done something so crazy against a Swiss bank When they heard the police, they really believed that they were going to be taken away.


“It would’ve been troublesome if we both ended up going to jail.”


JoonHun barely suppressed his laughter as he spoke.


“I’m sorry, Mr JoonHun. But you should have seen your face

just now Pffft.”


She knew she shouldn’t be laughing, but it was the first time she had seen JoonHun so terrified.


“I thought my life was over due to the misfortune of having met a wife like you.”


“You’re not wrong. You’re unlucky to have met a wife like me.”


“Good. As long as you know.”


He chuckled as he started the car.


The car continued westward. JoonHun was still holding on to Yuan’s hand and was holding onto the steering wheel with his other hand. There were barely any cars on the road. The few villages they passed by looked very peaceful. The languid sunlight gently caressed the various forests and flatlands.

“Now, we’re going to wash our hands of all this, right? It’s all over?”


JoonHun spoke. Yuan turned her head and looked at him.


“If someone else heard you, they’d think we did something like this all the time.”


“But isn’t that true? From what I can remember, this is already the third time.”


“What do you mean?”


“Did you forget? Dubai and PyeongChang. Wow, how’d you forget it? I truly married you without knowing how scary you actually were.”


“You’re right. I’m sorry, Seo Mr JoonHun.”

“I don’t know how you were able to act so gentle at our marriage meeting.”


“I prepared a lot for it.”


“It makes me think that this is how a lot of men get tricked into marriage.”


Pfft, Yuan burst out laughing at his words.


“A woman you think is kind and gentle turns out to be tremendously intense.”


“You’re right. But you’re already an accomplice. What can you do?”


Even though they were laughing and exchanging words, Yuan still felt nervous. Even though they didn’t steal the money and merely transferred it into Hong SeRyung’s account, she was still sorry that she dragged JoonHun into this.

“There’s nothing I can do. I’ll just leave it up to fate.”


He looked at her and grinned.


“But still, it was kind of fun.”


“What?”


“If it wasn’t for you, when would I ever get to experience something like this? I’ve been hacked, I’ve trespassed into someone else’s house, and I’ve even defrauded a Swiss bank. You know what? You should also be grateful. I’m the only one that would be willing to live with someone like you. If it were any other man, they’d just go, ‘Wow, Min Yuan’ and run for the hills.”


Oh my god. Yuan burst out laughing. She never thought Seo JoonHun would say something like this. Always serious and cold, he finally felt like a human being. Yuan knew that in order to calm her nerves, he was being uncharacteristically chatty. Grateful, Yuan agreed enthusiastically.

“Of course. You’re the only one that can handle someone like me.”


“You’re right. You need to be grateful for the rest of your life.”


For the rest of her life. Yuan’s smile slightly faltered. For the rest of her life? Will she be able to be with him for the rest of her life? Was that possible?


The wind blew in through the car window. Her hair was disheveled as she looked at Seo JoonHun’s smiling face. Yuan caught her breath. She’d never seen him like this before. Always having a cold expression while wearing his stiff suits, JoonHun’s face now looked so carefree.


“What?”


He kept his eyes on the road as he asked.


“Are you deeply moved because you’ll be able to live with a

handsome man like me for the rest of your life?”


“What did you say?”


Yuan’s lips opened in shock. JoonHun turned his head and looked at her as he grinned. Yuan’s eyes widened as she saw JoonHun’s warm smile for the first time in her life.


He raised his hand and lightly tapped her cheek with his hand.


The car didn’t stop and continued racing towards Paris. It would take seven hours to get from Zurich to Paris. She was so nervous that she didn’t want to eat anything, but JoonHun stopped in the middle and made her eat some soup and drink some water.


A short while later, JoonHun received a short text message on his phone. ‘Done.’ There was no indication of who had sent the message. However, they were certain that it came from Derrick and Eri. Yuan looked down at the message for a long time before raising her head and looking out the car window.

The car finally arrived at the outskirts of Paris. She could see the sun setting between the antiquated, slate gray buildings. The sun looked like a red-orange egg hanging in the sky.


They had finally returned to reality.


The night view of Paris from their private jet was beautiful. It looked as if stars had been sprinkled into the sky. The Eiffel Tower in the distance was sparkling like a souvenir at a gift shop. JoonHun was seated next to Yuan as he looked over the documents he hadn’t had a chance to get to.


Because it was a private plane, nobody else was inside the small cabin. This plane had a wide, comfortable couch and even a bedroom.


“Are you sad that we’re leaving?”


Without looking at her, JoonHun asked. Yuan took her eyes off the view outside the window and shook her head.

“No. I’ve been here plenty of times while I was attending school in England.”


“Still Let’s come back here for vacation next time.”


Yuan smiled awkwardly when she heard him say ‘next time’. JoonHun spoke as if it was absolutely certain. He said ‘next time’ and ‘for the rest of our lives’ so easily. Honestly, Yuan wasn’t so confident.


No one knew what kind of situation would arise once the bomb of the account transferral had dropped in Korea. This was different than what she had imagined. No matter how much she prepared herself, she would never be able to be certain about the future.


Not like Seo JoonHun.


She recalled the first time they had met. He had been wearing a stylish, navy suit. A cold man. At his cold-blooded words and behavior, Yuan had felt relieved. She felt that it would be easy to marry and divorce this kind of man.

However, this man would never divorce her. He said he had feelings for her, that he was falling for her. He had appeared at the neighborhood of PyeongChang and had even accompanied her to the Swiss bank. He was accompanying her on this risky mission.


Would she be able to leave a man like him? Would she be able to reject a man like him? This sense of guilt she was feeling that caused her to remain by his side Was it love?


She didn’t know.


She was already exhausted from spending all her energy thinking about President Min’s situation.


“Why did you do it?”


She raised her head and asked him a question out of nowhere.


“Hmm?”

“Just why You said you wouldn’t separate from me So when did you”


She wanted to ask him when he knew he had caught feelings for her.


JoonHun stared at her before leaning back onto the chair. A faint smile formed on his lips.


“I wonder. I’m not too sure”


“There must be one moment you can remember?”


“I wonder what it was”


He	tilted	his	head	and	before	softly	saying,	‘Emergency landing.’


“What?”

“I think it happened during the emergency landing.”


Huh? The emergency landing?


Yuan suddenly realized what he was talking about. It happened last year when the couple had gone to Russia. Due to engine error, their plane had made an emergency landing in the small, Mongolian town of Murun. There was a family of three that was sharing the first class cabin with them. The second daughter of the family began to make a fuss.


“Get the plane back in the air! Right now!”


A stewardess was on her knees in front of the woman as she tried to explain the situation. The woman screamed out angrily and struck the stewardess.


“Do you know how much the contract I’m about to sign is worth? Will you guys be responsible for it if something goes wrong? What are you going to do? Get this plane back in the air right now!”

The engine was broken and a blizzard was raging outside the window. Even though she clearly knew that it would be impossible for the plane to fly in this situation, the woman continued to scream and throw a tantrum like a three-year-old child.


However, the stewardess’s status was below that of the woman. No, it was so far below her that she wouldn’t even be able touch the woman.


“Customer, please calm down and”


“Calm down? Does it look like I can stay calm in this situation?!”


Smack! The woman pulled back her fist and punched the stewardess again. However, nobody in the first class cabin was intervening. The woman was just venting her anger. It was merely an insignificant disturbance to them.

Everyone began to get up from their seats to exit the plane. A shuttle would take them to a hotel provided by the airline. No one paid any attention to the stewardess’s suffering. Irritated,
JoonHun was just about to get up and intervene when


“Hey, Jung Sena.”


Somebody impolitely called out the woman’s name, shocking everyone in the cabin. Everyone stopped what they were doing. JoonHun was the same. He thought he had misheard, but it was definitely


“Who said that?”


Jung Sena shot out of her seat and yelled out. Yuan, who had been sitting next to JoonHun, stood up. JoonHun was startled by the fierce look in her eyes.


“Who are you?”

“You don’t need to know who I am. What’s important is that I know who you are, and I also know your grandfather very well.”


Jung Sena flinched. Sena’s grandfather was the founder of the family’s company. President Jung was known to be very strict with his family.


“How do you know my grandfather?”


“His personal phone number is 010-***-****. He’s a fellow member of the board for the EoHwaDang Scholarship Project, so how could I not know him?”


At Yuan’s words, Jung Sena finally shut her mouth.


“Whenever I meet your grandfather, he’s only full of praises about you. Does he know you go around acting like this?”


“Ha, how dare you?”

“How dare I?”


Yuan walked over and stood right in front of Jung Sena.


“Are you a princess? How dare you? Can’t you see that we have to return to the airport due to a safety issue? A flight attendant of an airline is both a flight attendant and a safety officer. If a bigger accident happens because of you, then who will take responsibility? Your father? Or maybe your grandfather?”


Yuan coldly glared at the woman. Her eyes were so intense that Jung Sena took a step back.


“All of your stupid behavior is currently being recorded by that security camera. Do you think this stewardess doesn’t know that and is just kneeling in front of you as she gets hit over and over again?”


Shocked, Jung Sena looked over to where Yuan had gestured.
There really was a camera there.

“Those are there because of people like you. Wake up, Jung Sena. If you don’t want to be humiliated, immediately apologize to the stewardess.”


“What? This crazy bitch”


“Ha, crazy bitch? Should I show you what crazy looks like?”


Oh my god. Seo JoonHun quickly stepped out and tried to stop the two women. No one knew how this would unfold if he didn’t intervene. Jung Sena glared at Yuan as she stepped back, but Yuan suddenly looked calm and poised.


“Yuan”


“I’m sorry. But that lady is the type of person that will only understand once she’s taught a lesson”


Dumbfounded, and a bit amused, JoonHun looked at her. It was at this moment that the head steward, who had been watching this whole time, finally stepped up and bowed his

head.


“I apologize. It’s our fault”


He turned around and looked down at the humiliated stewardess.


“What are you still doing here? Go back.”


Seeing this, Yuan’s face stiffened. Unaware of Yuan’s displeasure, the head steward turned back and began to grovel.


“Please feel free to exit the plane. We will take all the VIP passengers to the hotel shortly. If you rest for a bit, another plane will come to pick you up.”


“I’m fine.”


Yuan spoke a bit coldly.

“But”


The airline head steward was suddenly at a loss for words.


“I’m fine. I’ll wait here at the airport.”


“Due to the weather conditions, the next plane will arrive sometime tomorrow.”


“It doesn’t matter. My clothes are enough to keep me warm.”


She gestured to her coat. JoonHun tactfully assessed the situation and spoke.


“We’re really fine on our own, so please assist the other passengers. My wife and I will remain at the airport.”


This plane had over 400 seats, and many of them were elderly or handicapped.

“We can’t do that, sir. Please just go back to the hotel. We will feel better if you do”


Suddenly, Yuan pointed to a child that was just passing through the door.


“Do you see that child over there? He looks to be about three- years-old, right? He’s been trembling inside this plane for two hours already. Please help that child off the plane first.”


“Yes, ah That’s”


“I will report you.”


The head steward’s eyes widened at her words.


“Sorry?”


“I will alert the authorities of how K Airlines is handling their

passengers like this.”


At her words, the head steward immediately straightened up and ran over to the child.


“What are you planning to do?”


JoonHun asked, genuinely curious.


“What do you mean? I’m going to wait at the airport.”


With those words, Yuan walked down the aisle and exited the plane.


The Murung airport was smaller than a bus station. Outside the window, the black sky stretched as far as the eye could see. The grumbling passengers began to settle down. Yuan and JoonHun sat across from each other in the airport like homeless people, quietly staring out the window.

The plastic chairs were very uncomfortable. The airport was cold, and the weather outside looked horrible. Still, Yuan felt excited and happy. She had never gone somewhere by herself before. Even though she was in the middle of nowhere in an unfamiliar town, she liked it.


So this is what the grasslands look like.


If possible, she wanted to leave the airport and try exploring outside. She wanted to feel the cold, ferocious wind against her face in the wilderness. When would she ever be able to travel here leisurely?


“What are you thinking about?”


Suddenly, she heard JoonHun’s voice. Shocked, she turned around. He hadn’t taken his eyes off his laptop as he asked the question.


“What?”

“You look like you want to go outside right now. Why do you want to do that when it looks so scary outside?”


Yuan quietly stared at him before looking back out the window. The barren and scary wilderness stretched out before her eyes. Did she really want to go outside?


“I want to go.”


She suddenly replied. JoonHun thought she sounded strange and raised an eyebrow. However, Yuan didn’t pay too much attention to it and continued.


“Just once I want to live freely.”


“If someone else heard you, they’d think that you were living in captivity.”


“They wouldn’t be wrong.”

She smiled slightly.


“We’re all held down by our own realities. Family, responsibilities, people, our duties It might all be useless, but I feel like I’ve never lived for myself.”


“Is that what you think?”


At his question, Yuan calmly stared at him. How should she respond? The things that bound her. Would he understand if she told him that she wanted to escape the pain and revenge that was tying her down?


“Yes.”


Yuan quietly answered. He silently stared at her before speaking.


“I feel the same way.”

“What?”


“I also feel that way sometimes. The things that are holding us back. Honestly, sometimes they seem so trivial. When I feel that way, I just want to throw it all away and leave. If I do that, it might be difficult because I may get lost, but starting fresh in a new place seems to be worth it. Because then I can find out who I really am. I think about that sometimes.”


This was a first for her. Talking to him like this.


Maybe it was because of the emergency landing. Maybe it was because of the broken engine. Or maybe it was because of the blizzard raging outside this unfamiliar town.


That night, JoonHun and Yuan talked about all sorts of things. The places they wanted to visit, unattainable dreams, unfamiliar words they had read in books, stories from their childhood.


“Ah”

Yuan finally remembered that night. It was the same for her too. That strange night of the emergency landing. After that night, it felt as if they had gotten closer. However, when they returned to reality in Seoul, all of it vanished.


“Are you saying that you felt this way since then?”


At her question, JoonHun laughed softly.


“Probably?”


Then he caressed her cheek.



Just what was going on?


In front of JoonHun’s house, Yoon HeeSoo got out of her car and looked up at the building.


An	antiquated,	brick	house.	A	light	flickered	through	a

window on the 4th floor. JoonHun had definitely taken that damn Yuan on his business trip to Europe, so who was the person inside this house?


JoonHun’s business trip was sudden and strange. The Dubai project was currently in a state of emergency. Even President Seo JaeHyuk left for Dubai last week. Why wasn’t JoonHun doing anything about this? And why was his wife accompanying him? Why did he take Choi Myung and Derrick with him?


Something was definitely going on.


Secretary Kang must have been ordered to keep his mouth shut. No matter how much she tried, he wouldn’t tell her anything. Because of that, HeeSoo wasn’t able to figure out what was going on with JoonHun.


Her excuse to see him every day as Min Yuan’s secretary had vanished as well. Because of that, she wasn’t privy to what was going on between the couple anymore.


HeeSoo felt as if her insides were on fire. She definitely knew

that something was going on with JoonHun, but she didn’t know what it was. At one point, she felt as if they were close friends. They would work until dawn if necessary and talk about anything like close friends. She considered herself the be his closest confidant.


“Now that I’m married, I can’t act the same way around you as I did when I was single, right? Let’s keep our boundaries.”


What? Boundaries? The Dubai project was both of their ideas. She had been completely shocked to hear that he was entering a contract marriage with R&K because of this project.


She felt absolutely disgusted. She had shot herself in the foot with her own idea and now JoonHun was getting married.


HeeSoo grit her teeth and looked up to the 4th floor. It was definitely Min Yuan’s bedroom. Who was inside her bedroom right now? She had been coming here for two days now, and she definitely saw the shadow of a person moving around inside. Secretary Kang was even going in every day to prepare meals.

HeeSoo went to the back where the employee’s entrance was. She hadn’t returned her ID card yet. She put it up against the sensor and was buzzed in. When she entered inside, the house felt gloomy almost as if no one had been living there.


HeeSoo coldly looked around. At times, she felt as if this house was hers. If things had worked out with JoonHun, if she had been able to marry him, everything here would have been hers.


Just thinking about it made her heart flush with joy. Whenever JoonHun wasn’t home, she often went inside his room and touched the things inside. She had even laid down on his bed. She was careful not to be caught, but she coudln’t help herself.


If it wasn’t for all the surveillance cameras recording inside the house, she would have gone inside more often. Sometimes, she even cleverly turned the camera away so that it wouldn’t record her, but if she did it too often, she would raise suspicions. Therefore she had to be careful.


The 1st floor was definitely empty. She didn’t feel anyone’s presence in the dark lobby. So who was the person on the 4th

floor? HeeSoo carefully began to go up the stairs. The corridor lights were on, but the surveillance camera was off. This was very strange. In HyunJin, where security was of the utmost importance, this was impossible.


Suddenly, she heard a voice.


It was the agitated voice of a man.


“Eri, say it clearly. You’re telling me that everyone is in Switzerland right now?”


Surprised, HeeSoo caught her breath. The voice kept fading in and out, so she had to perk up her ears.


“Have you all lost your minds? Why would you take Seo JoonHun to a place like that? Even though Yuan insisted it, you should have reeled her in.”


Seo JoonHun? Yuan?

HeeSoo’s body stiffened.


What trouble had JoonHun gotten into? Someone had to reel Yuan in? Then, did it mean that Yuan did something to JoonHun? What did she do?


A fire blazed in HeeSoo’s eyes. Who was this man? Who was he and why was he in Min Yuan’s bedroom? This house had two guest rooms that he could have used instead. However, this man was shamelessly using a bedroom of the homeowner instead.


HeeSoo quieted her breath and walked along the corridor.


The man kept talking as he paced back and forth. HeeSoo approached the cracked door and looked inside. She could finally see the figure of the man who was pacing around the room.


“Either way, watch Seo JoonHun carefully. If he does anything weird, call me right away. Yeah. Alright. Bye.”

HeeSoo could only see the man’s back. He was wearing loose pajamas and had a splint on one leg that was wrapped in bandages. It also looked like he had hurt his shoulder. After ending the call, the man looked down at the floor and seemed to be lost in thought.


“I guess”


He muttered. His voice sounded bitter and cold.


“Either way, once we’re done using Seo JoonHun, we’ll wipe him out.”


A shiver ran down HeeSoo’s spine. She was so shocked that she couldn’t even breathe. Who was this bastard? Who was he to be saying something like that while inside JoonHun’s home? Just who could he be?


Suddenly, the man turned around. Through the narrow crack in the door, she could see the man’s face. HeeSoo gasped.

That face


“Who’s there?!”


As the man shouted, he limped towards the door. HeeSoo quickly ran away. The man was injured, so he wouldn’t be able to catch her.


Lee TaeKyung. HeeSoo muttered to herself.


That was definitely Lee TaeKyung. The man JoonHun had investigated a few months ago. A man who worked for R&K. When the report stated that he and Min Yuan were very close, JoonHun’s face had hardened.


Why was that man inside this house?!

“Breaking news. Police have begun an investigation into an alleged international slush fund account belonging to President Min DaeYup of R&K Investments and his family. We will turn to Reporter Jun SoYeon for the exclusive report.”


3 days had passed since they had successfully transferred the money. South Korea was turned upside-down with the news. It was absolute pandemonium.


R&K Investments, which was estimated to be worth about 8 trillion won, was ranked 38th in the business world. Yet it was revealed that they had created a slush fund of 1 trillion won and had transferred the complete account into Korea.


‘Prosecutors say that Min DaeYup did not report the incredible amount of foreign assets he received from the RyuHwa-KeumYoung merger in 1991. Today, the FIU, or Financial Intelligence Unit of Korea, informed R&K of the suspicious influx of overseas funds. The funds were confirmed to come from a European tax haven. The prosecution is starting to consider investigating the creation of the alleged foreign slush fund as well as the R&K family’s offshore tax evasion schemes. Public opinion is pressuring the prosecution to arrest the president and his family immediately...

Yuan turned off the TV.


As soon as the solemn voice of the reporter faded away, a comfortable silence settled inside the house. Yuan calmly sat down and looked at the cup of tea on the table. She was filled with an indescribable feeling.


They had done it. She could hardly believe it, but they had done it.


She stretched out her hand and took the teacup off the table. The tea had already cooled, and only a bitter taste remained. Vrrrrrr. Yuan heard a sound and looked down. Her cellphone was vibrating. Last night, JoonHun had given her a secured cellphone. Only a few close people knew the number.


“Hello?”


	What are you doing?


It was her husband. He had been calling her every hour.

“I’m drinking some tea.”


	Really? Is it good?


“What do you want, Seo Mr JoonHun?”


	I was just checking in to make sure my wife was doing okay.


“I’m fine. Get back to work.”


	Ah, maybe I should just turn on the cameras inside the house again.


“What are you talking about?”


	I want to watch you for 24 hours. No, even 24 hours isn’t enough.
Haa. What nonsense was this man spewing now?


“Hang up. Please stop calling me for no reason.”


	I miss you.


“You already told me that an hour ago.”


	Don’t you miss me?


He was driving her insane.


“I miss you.”


Yuan softly whispered.


	Why are you whispering? Say it out loud.
“Please, Mr JoonHun.”


	I like it when you say ‘please’ Like last night You begged me to please put it in


Yuan ended the call. Why was he being like this? However, she knew why he was doing this. He was worried about her. About how she was feeling right now. Even though R&K’s collapse had just begun, he knew that she wasn’t completely overjoyed.


After finishing up in Switzerland, they returned to Korea through Paris. Throughout the whole process, JoonHun had been very considerate towards Yuan. He urged her to receive some professional counseling. He told her that it was foolish to continue living with a sick heart. He told her to tell him any worries she might still have.


Yuan lifted her hollow eyes to the blank TV screen.


She could imagine the chaos that was brewing inside the R&K home right now. President Min roaring in fury, a hysterical

Hong SeRyung, and her puzzled son, HoMin.


So is this how it all ends?


“Let’s go now.”


Suddenly, a cold voice called to Yuan.


Yuan turned her head and saw TaeKyung from the corner of her eye. He was wearing a suit. He was now fully able to move around, but he was still pale. He was also no longer wearing his glasses.


“Oppa.”


“Let’s go.”


“Oppa.”

“That’s enough, Yuan.”


He looked completely disgusted.


“He is Seo JaeHyuk’s son. Are you really planning on living with him as a married couple?”


Yuan couldn’t speak. She tightened her hold on the cellphone with which she had just heard JoonHun’s voice. She frantically tried to pull herself together. She remembered what he had told her back in Switzerland. She wanted to try. For the sake of their love, she wanted to try.


“I”


As she gripped her cellphone, Yuan spoke to TaeKyung.


“Oppa, with Mr JoonHun I think I”

“Shut up.”


TaeKyung spoke with such a cold voice.


“Go and pack your things.”


Yuan remained silent and continued to stare at her brother. Then she got up and faced him. Up till now, she had always leaned on TaeKyung. From when she was twelve up till now, TaeKyung was her support and her companion.


She learned everything through her brother, and he took care of her. If it wasn’t for her brother, Yuan didn’t think she could have endured it. However, she couldn’t betray her husband again.


“I’m sorry, Oppa.”


Yuan spoke with much difficulty.

It looked like TaeKyung wasn’t breathing. She had never seen such a terrifying gleam in his eyes before. However, Yuan didn’t back down. She couldn’t.


“I’m sorry.”


“That bastard is merely your contract husband. He only married you for the profits.”


His beautiful, cold eyes glared at her.


“You know that isn’t true. I managed to pull of this dangerous feat together with him. He even saved your life It’s real between us.”


“Us? Real?”


He smirked.

“Are you sure you won’t see Seo JaeHyuk’s face whenever you look at him?”


Yuan stopped breathing. Having gone pale, she looked at TaeKyung. However, she didn’t budge.


“Are you really okay with giving birth to Seo JaeHyuk’s grandchild?”


As TaeKyung continued to dig, Yuan pressed her lips together. Incredible pain dripped out from both of their eyes. It was as if the ground had physically split between them. It felt as if this gap between them was never going to go away.


After watching him silently, Yuan turned her head away. Outside the dining hall windows, the blue cornflowers had bloomed, alerting everyone that summer had come. What did the cornflower represent? Was it happiness?


“Oppa Can’t I be happy?”

TaeKyung’s eyes continued to glare at her.


“I’ve never felt happy since the moment I was born. I feel like my whole life is just one big tragedy. As if I was born just to be punished. I’ve lived each day feeling that way. Every single day was painful. Can’t I just live the way I want to live from now on? Can’t I just have the things I want? I love that man.”


“Why does the man you love have to be Seo JoonHun? Why does it have to be Seo JaeHyuk’s son?! We’re almost there. I know more than anyone how painful it was to live up till now. We’ve only just managed to land a blow on President Min. 1 trillion? That’s practically nothing! Until we reveal all of his wicked deeds to the world, I will never stop!”


“No!”


Yuan cried out. She ran up to TaeKyung and grabbed him. Her tears began to flow down her cheeks. She understood his disbelief as he looked at her. However, he couldn’t continue to do this. He really couldn’t. If everything was revealed, then

JoonHun would get hurt


“You can’t do that, Oppa. Please, stop here.”


“Min Yuan, have you lost your mind? Do you know how ridiculous you sound? How can we leave that kind of man alone?”


“We took away his company. He will be jailed for the slush fund alone!”


“Don’t you know what kind of place this country is?”


He slapped Yuan’s hand away.


“Don’t you think Min DaeYup has connections within the judicial system? Don’t you think there is at least one bastard in the judicial system that also embraced Mom?!”

She felt as if someone had dumped cold water on her. Yuan couldn’t move. Her grip on his shirt fell away. Her tears ran down her cheeks like blood. TaeKyung was also crying as he clenched his jaw.


“Happiness? What happiness? The happiness that comes from stomping on someone’s corpse? What kind of happiness is that? Is it happiness to smile and laugh as if you know nothing while stepping on someone else’s pain and suffering? Is that what you call happiness?”


The tears dripped down. Yuan trembled as she stepped back before collapsing onto the floor. She couldn’t say one word.


Her mother who had been violated by those men Her family that had been destroyed because of money And the brother and sister who had to grow up inside that suffering How could they ever give up all that for the sake of happiness?


She couldn’t say anything.


TaeKyung didn’t say anything else.

He kneeled in front her and began to wipe away the tears on her cheeks.


“Yuan, please Please just forget him. Are you going to continue to live as Min Yuan? Are you really going to continue living as Min DaeYup’s daughter? Don’t you know what Mom really wanted?”


She didn’t know. She didn’t know anything. What her mother would have wanted was probably revenge. Merciless revenge on the bastard who had killed the man she loved, who had taken away that man’s child!


Yuan knew how eager she would have been She knew that it was up to her to fulfill her mother’s wishes, but


How could she throw away Mr JoonHun in the process?


“You lived just fine before Seo JoonHun. You can continue to live well without him. Don’t misunderstand and believe that what you feel is love. There is no such thing as an eternal secret. Once everything is revealed, Seo JoonHun won’t be able to

show his face to you.”


Yuan remained silent.


With her eyes closed, she continued to weep on the floor.


Watching	Yuan	tremble	as	she	was	wracked	by	sobs, TaeKyung got up. And like that, he left the house.

Drip, drip-drip. Raindrops dripped onto the leaves of the trees. Soon, the rain poured down all at once.


June, the summer rain was alerting the change in season.


Inside the car returning home. The raindrops began to drip down the window. Reading the documents in his hand with a serious expression, JoonHun suddenly looked out the window. His lips formed a faint smile.


It been chaotic due to the R&K scandal, but another day had passed. The top of the hill was covered in rain and fog. Seeing a faint light shining through, JoonHun imagined Yuan waiting for him inside the house. At that thought, all the tiredness he felt flew away instantly. He looked at the bouquet of flowers next to him. Today, on his way home from work, he stopped by a flower shop and picked them himself.


White charmant roses that reminded him of his wife. Blue hydrangeas that went well with the roses. Light pink eustoma blossoms and blue lace flowers. When he had entered the flower shop, he had wanted to pick every single type of flower there.

However, realizing that it would be too much, JoonHun held back and managed to pick a few.


Would she like the flowers? I’m sure she’ll like them. Now that he thought about it, he couldn’t remember a time he had worried over a gift for a woman. He had always told Secretary Kang to pick something expensive. Even for Yuan’s anniversary present, Secretary Kang had told him that diamonds were the best choice, so he had given Yuan exactly that.


What did she like? What did she hate? It looked like she was pretty picky about her food. She didn’t seem to have much of an interest in jewelry. Maybe computers? No, no. Not computers. If they ever had a fight, she might hack into HyunJin and destroy their servers. Ah! She said she was a fan of Egyptian mythology, right? Then should he try looking for something related to that?


Derrick was right. He and Yuan didn’t talk enough.


As JoonHun began to chuckle, he caught Secretary Kang looking at him strangely. JoonHun quickly fixed his expression. Whenever he thought about Yuan, he couldn’t help but smile. Honestly, he had felt such a rush when they were robbing the

Swiss bank. So thrilling, in fact, that he began to think about trying it again


No. You can’t do that. Get a grip, Seo JoonHun.


JoonHun straightened up.


“She’s home, but”


Like any other day, Choi Myung was there to greet JoonHun when he came home. However, he spoke in a serious tone.


“Ah, did something happen?”


“That is the guest has left.”


Guest?

“Are you telling me that Lee TaeKyung has left the house?”


“Yes. Young Madame asked me to let him leave, so”


JoonHun’s grip on the bouquet tightened a little bit before he relaxed. President Min was going to be imprisoned soon. The 500 billion would also be returned, so Lee TaeKyung was no longer in danger if he left the house.


“That’s fine.”


It would have been nice if Yuan had let him know beforehand, but he trusted her to have dealt with it properly.


“Where is my wife?”


More than anything, he wanted to see Yuan.


“She’s in the kitchen.”

“The kitchen?”


Why was she in the kitchen?


JoonHun frowned slightly as he pressed the elevator button.


Yuan was really in the kitchen.


“Just what are you?”


As soon as JoonHun entered the kitchen, his mouth opened in shock. He didn’t know what she was up to, but he knew that it would be for the best if she stopped what she was doing. In all his life, he had never seen a kitchen this chaotic. This kitchen, which was utilized by the best chefs, was always clean and practical. However, it was now completely ruined.


“Ah! Mr JoonHun!”

Yuan was taken aback when she saw him. He wasn’t sure what she was making, but she had white flour smudges on her face.


“What are you doing right now?”


“Ah! Um Just wait a little longer. I’ll be done soon.”


She tried to put the flour noodles into the pot of boiling water. However, the doughy noodles were clumped together and stuck to her hand.


“Uwaa! Why is this?”


“Be careful!”


JoonHun quickly ran over to her. He wrapped his arms around her hips and pulled her back.

“What is all this?”


“Ah That’s I’m trying to make some noodle soup”


“Noodle soup?”


“Yes. Since it’s raining outside. But I’m really bad at this.
Cooking”


She laughed awkwardly. Her face was clear and her eyes were slightly narrowed, but she looked fine.


“Why are you making it yourself? You can just have someone make it for you.”


“I wanted make it for you myself.”


“What?”

“I wanted to make it for you. Like other wives”


Dumbfounded, JoonHun looked down at her before bursting out into laughter.


“Other wives? What other wives are you talking about?”


“Other people’s wives. They cook meals for their husbands, do the laundry”


“What weird nonsense are you talking about? Why are you trying to be like other people? You just need to be yourself. Did I marry a housekeeper?”


“No, but there are such things as duties.”


“Ha. What duty? The only duty I care about is”


Instantly, JoonHun’s mind was flooded with images of Yuan.

He chuckled before speaking.


“Leave it. You just need to focus on what you do best. That’s perfect for me as well.”


“What do you mean by ‘perfect’? I’m probably the least perfect person on this earth.”


“You make me perfect, so you’re perfect. You know, you hear it in songs all the time. ‘You complete me.’ It means that you make me whole. That’s enough for me.”


“I don’t know about that, but whatever. Either way, could you let go of me? I’m going to eat noodle soup today no matter what.”


“Wait! Then I’ll make it with you. You can’t continue on like this.”


“What?”

“I think I’ll be better at this than you. Just look at this mess.”


“When did you learn how to cook?”


“Haa, are you looking down on the Korean army? When you go in for your military service, they teach you how to cook too.”


“Really?”


She’d never heard of that before, but she handed him an apron anyway. In return, he handed her the bright bouquet of flowers.


Seo JoonHun’s cooking skills were surprisingly good.


“Wow.”


Yuan’s eyes widened as she let out an exclamation. He handled the knife brilliantly as he chopped the doughy noodles.

He prepared the seafood and made the broth with extraordinary skill.


“Who are you? Do you have a secret career as a chef?”


“There was a weird guy in my unit who liked to cook. He even made the rice into a restaurant-style dish.”


“Wow. But still, how are you so good?”


“I don’t know. I was in a special unit, so we came across a lot of weird stuff.”


There were times when food was scarce while they were out in the field. When that happened, all they could do was find their own food. They would hunt and fish. They would familiarize themselves with the edible plants found in the wild. JoonHun was pretty sharp, so he learned to cook relatively easily.


As he spoke about that time in his life, Yuan’s eyes sparkled.

She seemed more excited to hear about his army life than receive the flowers.


Either way, this was the first time they were cooking as a couple. This was the first time they had shared their past experiences like this. JoonHun took a spoon and tried to have her taste the broth. Yuan said that she felt as if they were shooting some kind of commercial and burst out laughing.


Yuan laughed. She felt like she was going to cry, so she laughed harder. She dismissed what TaeKyung had said to her. She forgot about R&K and HyunJin. Right now, she only wanted to see this man in front of her.


Whenever JoonHun laughed, the coldness disappeared from his face, and she could could see a warmth in his eyes. Whenever he smiled, the ends of his lips slightly lifted up.


She light-heartedly pecked his lips. Instantly, JoonHun’s eyes deepened. He slightly puckered his lips as if he was asking for another kiss. Then, he quickly bit her bottom lip. They began to laugh. With the confidence of a lover, he began to smooth his hand over her hair as they played around. He puckered his lips again.

So what if this was all a lie like a TV commercial? Their marriage up till now had all been a show anyway. These emotions began to roll over her. It wouldn’t hurt to know how it feels to be in a real marriage. Just for a moment. This was all a mirage. As she continued to move forward, this would all vanish eventually.


Would all these moments become a memory or a nightmare?


Were they fooling around or were they cooking? They didn’t know. As JoonHun poured kisses on her lips, cheeks, forehead, and her neck, he couldn’t endure it any longer. He lifted her up and put her on the counter.


“Ah! Wait!”


Right when Yuan cried out, their lips crashed together. She, too, couldn’t hold back any longer and grabbed him by the hair and pulled him in.


His lips, his heat, even his rage. She like them all. They were all so lovable to her.

At Yuan’s enthusiastic response, a groan ripped out of JoonHun’s throat. His hands and his breaths became rough. As he sucked on her lips, he began to become even more heated.


After lifting up her skirt, he ripped off her panties.


“Ugh. Damn it, I can’t hold back any longer.”


Yuan smiled at his words.


“Don’t hold back.”


She opened her legs and wrapped them around his hips.


In one breath, his cock plunged into her. As he began to thrust violently, the dishes and other cooking utensils on the counter began to shake before crashing onto the floor. At the clamorous noise, Yuan flinched.

“Haaa, ah. Mr JoonHun We keep Pfft. Breaking things inside the house.”


Yuan couldn’t hold back her laughter and whispered.


“I don’t care. Min Yuan, wait a minute.”


JoonHun groaned as he aggressively lifted himself up and bit her lips once gain. With one hand wrapped around her hips, his other hand began to sweep up her thigh.


Min Yuan Yuan threw her head back as she moaned. She thought about the name he had just called her.


Unfortunately, the noodle soup went to waste in the end. However, it didn’t matter. Yuan laughed as she embraced him. As she laughed gently, their lips entwined once gain. She shut her eyes tight. However, a part of her couldn’t help but recall TaeKyung’s voice.


Are you really going to continue living as Min DaeYup’s

daughter?


Yuan hugged JoonHun’s neck even tighter.

Time mercilessly continued to march forward. Like a wheel, it smashed and trampled everything, but it didn’t stop.


As expected, Min DaeYup, President of R&K, had gone to jail. What surprised people even more was the news that President Min had lost his position in the company, and Lee TaeKyung had taken over R&K as its new CEO.


Lee TaeKyung? Just who was this man that had taken over this crumbling empire?


He was known as President Min’s right-hand man. Wasn’t he the one that helped take care of the dark side of the company?


Just how did he convince the board of directors to vote for him?


This news also came as a shock for Yuan. She knew that he had been elaborately planning his revenge for so long, but she had no idea how he had captured the hearts of the shareholders.

No, he probably didn’t capture their hearts. He probably knew their weaknesses.


What was more surprising was the actual account holder of the Swiss account, Hong SeRyung. She was President Min’s third wife with the complicated past. She had entrusted all of her shares to TaeKyung. Through that, TaeKyung could attend the general meeting and become nominated for the position of CEO.


Additionally, she submitted evidence that she had no idea about the slush fund’s existence and avoided imprisonment. How had she been so prepared? It was almost as if she already knew about this incident beforehand


“No way, that’s ridiculous.”


Yuan mumbled as she looked at the article on the internet. TaeKyung didn’t tell her about this plan. She knew that President Min would definitely lose R&K. She had even expected his imprisonment. However, TaeKyung’s move had completely blindsided her.

Didn’t he want to completely leave R&K after this was over? Didn’t he want to break free from all these disgusting ties to the past?


Her brother loved Eri. He didn’t show it, but only Yuan knew what was truly inside his heart.


He had always treated Eri coldly and told her not to get any closer to him, but only with Eri did he genuinely laugh. Yuan had seen the way his eyes looked at Eri from afar. Yuan probably knew TaeKyung’s heart better than he did.


While Eri was a troublemaker, a little weird, and quite extraordinary, she was lovable and pure. She had the ability to brighten the hearts of everyone around her. She also loved TaeKyung.


Wearing her heart on her sleeve, Eri was always looking at him. Even as she watched her brother deepened his relationship with Hong SeRyung, she didn’t stop loving him.


But now that Hong SeRyung had entrusted all of her shared to

TaeKyung, could they ever break up? Just how far was her brother going to take this?


TaeKyung would never stop with President Min’s incarceration. He was going to reveal all of his wickedness. Eventually, he was going to let the world know about what had happened to their mother. He was going to drag everyone involved into the streets.


Even though it was only right to reveal the dirty side of Korean authority, to JoonHun, this would be personal as it pertained to his father. Would he be able to handle it?


Yuan lifted her head and looked out the window. The sky above Seoul was turning incredibly blue with the season. The world was changing and moving along in a cycle, but Yuan felt as if she and TaeKyung were unable to move forward. No, she felt as if they slowly breaking down.


Yuan suddenly stepped out of the sitting room and quickly began to walk towards JoonHun’s study. She hurriedly turned on the computer, and opened her computer program that she had hidden inside the cloud.

The Book of Death. A magic that allowed its user to bring people back from the dead.


Through this program, she had been able to hold on to her mother’s soul. TaeKyung and Yuan had hidden their mother in the deepest part of the program. They had lived up till now, waiting for the moment they could release it.


If she deleted this, she would be deleting the most decisive evidence they had. If she deleted this, all the evidence that they had gathered would fall back down into the depths of hell.


If she did this, then maybe she and JoonHun her brother and Eri Would they be able to finally be together?


If there was any chance of that


Yuan’s hands trembled on top of the keyboard. If she pressed the key to permanently delete it, all of this would finally end. This was the final decision before her brother self-destructed, before she completely destroyed JoonHun’s heart

Yuan bit her lip and looked at the monitor. Her breathing became irregular. Her mother’s image began to shimmer right before her eyes. She recalled TaeKyung’s cold face. The past and the future, hatred and love, revenge and righteousness it all began to tangle up and intertwine. Her tears began to fall uncontrollably down her cheeks. But


JoonHun


Tap. Her finger pressed down on the keyboard.



“Young Madame, it’s about time to leave.”


Secretary Kim, who had replaced Secretary Yoon, was Yuan’s newly appointed assistant. She alerted Yuan in a calm voice. Secretary Kim was in her forties, and she seemed to be a peaceful and soft person.


“Ah, alright.”

Yuan stood up and picked up her purse. The mirror reflected Yuan’s back. She looked incredibly pretty wearing this black dress. She had picked this design because it showed off her beautiful neck and shoulders.


The dress she had chosen to wear today fully revealed one shoulder. A thick, golden pendant hung over the other. Other than that, she wore no other accessory. Only her wedding ring was sparkling from her left ring finger.


“Isn’t that too revealing?”


Waiting for her in the sitting room, JoonHun immediately frowned when he saw her enter.


“I’m not showing much. It’s just one shoulder”


“Just one shoulder? Has this woman lost her mind?”


Even though there were other people around them, JoonHun didn’t hesitate to kiss her shoulder.

“Go and change.”


“I don’t want to. The only way you’ll be satisfied is if I’m wearing a hijab.”


“Ah, what a great idea.”


“There’s no way.”


Yuan grinned as she caressed his cheek. At their open display of affection, Choi Myung and Secretary Kim coughed awkwardly as they looked away. Startled, Yuan quickly fixed her expression and linked her arm around JoonHun’s. JoonHun watched her cute reaction and pressed his lips on her forehead before quietly whispering, ‘I love you.’


Yuan’s heart throbbed.


Yes, this is all I need. His smile. That’s all I could ever ask for.

She had deleted ‘The Book of Death’. She was sure TaeKyung- oppa would want to kill her once he found out, but there was nothing she could do. She knew about her mother’s suffering. She knew about her brother’s resentment. But she wanted to end it all here.


I don’t want to hurt this man.


Even if she was the only one who was suffering, that was okay.


Mom, I’m sorry.


Yuan whispered in her heart.


I’m so sorry. Oppa, I’m sorry. Even if you tell me I’m crying crocodile tears, I’m sorry. I’ll pay for all of my sins on my own. You can hate me. You don’t have to forgive me. But please


She gently pressed her lips onto JoonHun’s.

Please let me have this man.


Smiling, JoonHun nuzzled his own lips against hers. The car was heading towards the party celebrating the anniversary of HyunJin’s establishment. Outside the windows, they could see the dim, summer view of Seoul passing by like an illusion.


They entwined their fingers and tightly held onto each other’s hand. Let’s not separate for the rest of our lives. If we can, let’s love and live together. Yuan felt as if that was what his hand was telling her as it grasped hers.


The party was already full of VIP guests. The chandelier hung down from the high ceiling like a waterfall. The room was decorated with abundant flowers. The luxurious dishes glittered as they displayed the rich food.


Paparazzi were waiting by the red carpet, furiously taking pictures whenever cars rolled up. CEO’s of major business companies, famous celebrities, even lawmakers had arrived.


“Stay right by my side.”

JoonHun spoke as he continued to hold Yuan’s hand, as if he didn’t want to leave her for one moment.


“I can’t do that. You came here to work”


“Work isn’t that important right now. It’s because you’re just too beautiful.”


Yuan glared at him as she pushed him away. Right then, her eyes met with Seo JaeHyuk’s, her father-in-law.


For a brief moment, her heart froze. As always, her father-in- law was grinning as he looked at her. Yuan bit her lip. Just why did that man arrange the marriage between her and JoonHun?


Was it because of her mother?


A shiver ran down her back and through her arm. His obsession with her mother outdid President Min’s. Yuan saw it all so clearly. I want to forget. She grit her teeth and closed her eyes. However, one couldn’t forget something just because they

wished it.


“What’s wrong?”


Noticing the tension in Yuan, JoonHun asked in surprise.
Recovering her senses, Yuan collected herself.


“I-It’s nothing. My stomach hurts a bit”


“Are you starting your period?”


His eyes glimmered. Once Yuan was done with her period this month, the contraceptive dose she had taken would wear off. This meant that they could start trying for a child. JoonHun’s hand on her hips were getting hot.


“Ah That must be it.”


Yuan quickly ran with it and pushed him away.

“Now go. Your father is looking for you.”


“Alright. I’ll see you soon, Yuan. Be careful of bad bugs.”


“Haa. Alright, alright.”


After he finally left, Yuan tried to calm down. She felt dizzy. She saw a few familiar faces. She approached them and politely greeted them. She felt as if she was back to playing a role like when they had first married.


Was it all done? Like this? Was everything okay?


The dizzying thoughts began to rush through her mind. Yuan tried her best to ignore them. The man of the hour, President Seo JaeHyuk of HyunJin, went up on the stage. The stage lights centered on him. All expression left Yuan’s face as she saw President Seo’s bright smile.


“I’d like to thank all our VIP guests for coming to my humble event.”

Holding both wealth and power, the man greeted everyone with a relaxed smile. His speech was full of platitudes and the usual greetings.


He naturally changed the topic to the future of HyunJin. A giant screen showed a video of the new project in Dubai called ‘The Tropical’. It looked like it was going to be HyunJin’s golden goose.


Suddenly, there was strange disturbance that went through the crowd. A bewildered secretary came inside, looking helpless. President Seo, who had been in the middle of giving his speech, frowned.


“What’s the matter?”


Due to his impatient personality, Seo JaeHyuk had always felt the need to immediately deal with any problem that came his way. Therefore, President Seo stopped giving his speech and asked the secretary. The bewildered secretary remained silent, but he began to gesture with his body.

“I asked you what is going on!”


President Seo lowered the mic and yelled. Suddenly, another secretary shot up onto the stage and whispered something to him. Seo JaeHyuk’s face hardened, and so did JoonHun’s, who had been standing right next to him.


What happened?


Suddenly, one of the reporters in the room yelled out.


“President Seo, we’ve just gotten a report stating that the Dubai project has been canceled! Did you know about this?”


What? Shock began to spread through everyone in the venue.


The Dubai project has been canceled? How?


Yuan	gripped	her	champaign	flute	and	looked	ahead.

JoonHun quickly got off the stage and began to make a call. Up until yesterday, everything had been going as planned. How did it suddenly get canceled?


Suddenly, somebody approached Yuan. The person hit her across the face with all their might.


“Kyaaa!”


Someone next to Yuan let out a shriek. Shocked, Yuan turned her head. In this dream-like reality, Yoon HeeSoo was glaring daggers at Yuan.


“Wicked bitch.”


Just what was


“What do you think you’re doing?”

Yuan asked in a cold voice. She always knew that Yoon HeeSoo had always looked down on her, but she never thought she’d act so irrationally like this.


“Shouldn’t you know by now? R&K just canceled the Dubai project. They sent the EUIB a report on how worthless this project was. What are you doing? Just why are you doing this? Why do you keep trying to bring down HyunJin with Lee TaeKyung? Do you really think I don’t know what’s going on?”


What? What was she talking about?


“I heard it! I heard it all! The newly appointed CEO of R&K! Your lover is trying to pull one over on HyunJin! I heard it, you bitch! Confess! Tell us everything you’ve done!”


Yoon HeeSoo was not in her right mind. Yuan paled as she looked at her. She didn’t know how Yoon HeeSoo was saying all this, but one thing was true.


Her brother had ended the project. TaeKyung-oppa had canceled the Dubai project

“Aaagh!”


As HeeSoo shrieked, she raised her hand to strike Yuan again.
Suddenly, JoonHun appeared and held her arm back.


“Leave her alone! What do you think you’re doing?”


“What am I doing? Do you really not know? Do you really not know what your wife has done? Did you know that the bitch was having an affair behind your back? Before she even married you, she planned to pull one over on HyunJin. Did you really not know?! Seo JoonHun, have you lost your mind?”


“No, have you lost your mind? You don’t even know what you’re talking about, so shut up!”


“Shut up? I’ll never shut up!”


Their argument was now becoming a spectacle. There was no way that the partygoers hadn’t noticed this interesting debacle. Camera flashes began to spark all around them. The murmurs

of the spectators began to fill the room.


“Oh my god Is that true?”


“Wow, this is crazy.”


“That woman really had an affair with Lee TaeKyung?”


“Then what will happen to HyunJin? President Seo has become a complete laughingstock. There’s no way the board of directors will leave this alone. He just gave that speech Seriously This is crazy.”


Haaa Yuans breaths were becoming irregular. She calmly stood in the middle of this. After handing Yoon HeeSoo over to a security officer, JoonHun looked at Yuan. She felt like she was in the middle of a play. They both looked at each other as the cameras were flashing all around them.


“What’s going on?”

Yuan silently looked at JoonHun’s confused and worried eyes.
He whispered so that only she could hear him.


“Lee TaeKyung is your brother. We saved him. We helped him with that other thing too. So why is he doing this? Just what is going on?”


Yuan couldn’t reply. She merely continued to look at him. What could she say? My brother hates you. Especially your father. He will do anything to crush HyunJin into bits and pieces. Because


“Why don’t I answer that for you?”


Suddenly, a cold voice spoke up. Everyone turned to see a new character enter this scene. Wearing a black shirt under his suit, Lee TaeKyung appeared like the grim reaper.


He looked around. It almost seemed like he was enjoying this. He saw President Seo JaeHyuk, the frozen Seo JoonHun, and his pale little sister.

Let the show begin.


Step by step, Lee TaeKyung began to approach them.

JoonHun silently glared at TaeKyung. He really didn’t understand why he was doing this. Didn’t he get everything he wanted? Didn’t he avenge his mother, Kang Yina? President Min, who had started this tragedy, was incarcerated, and TaeKyung had taken everything away from him. What more did he need to be satisfied?


Did he really need to completely overturn the Dubai project? If only for the sake of his younger sister, he shouldn’t have gone this far.


He couldn’t understand him at all. Not one bit.


“CEO Lee TaeKyung.”


There was a chill to JoonHun’s voice.


“To think that you came all the way over here to personally give us an answer How delightful.”

“There’s no need to be so delighted”


TaeKyung snorted. He then walked up to him and grabbed Yuan away from his arms. JoonHun froze, and Yuan looked ghastly pale. The couple that had entered this venue hand-in- hand was now completely split apart.


“What do you think you’re doing?”


“Take your dirty hands off my sister.”


“What?”


“I’ve always wanted to say that.”


“What did you say?”


“Oppa!”

After taking Yuan away from JoonHun, Lee TaeKyung turned around. He looked at President Seo, who had been glaring at TaeKyung this whole time.


“Now, how do you feel, President Seo?”


TaeKyung took off his glasses.


“Oppa, no.”


Yuan realized what TaeKyung was planning to say. To stop him, she grabbed his arm and tried to pull him away. But it was no use.


“Don’t you think we look alike? I saw a picture of us, and we look like carbon copies”


“What?”

Seo JaeHyuk was grinding his teeth, seemingly done listening to this nonsense. Still, TaeKyung dragged Yuan with him as he approached him. Once they were standing right in front of him, TaeKyung lifted his face and smirked.


“Take a good look. I’m asking you. Don’t you think my sister and I look very similar to the woman you’ve been obsessing over? Don’t I look similar to the boy that was in the car that you crashed 28 years ago? I take after my father, and Yuan takes after my mother.”


Gradually, all the blood began to leave Seo JaeHyuk’s face. His eyes began to waver. His neck began to redden.


“What Just what nonsense are you spewing?”


“Nonsense? I’m being totally honest for the first time in my life. What nonsense are you talking about? Look closely. Don’t you remember?”


“Shut up. You don’t even have the credentials to discuss important business matters with me. Now what kind of bullshit

is this?”


“Aha, you don’t remember? Then let me help you. Han JinWook, Kang Yina. Must I say their names in order to trigger your memory?”


President Seo’s face became deathly pale. His trembling eyes looked back and forth between TaeKyung and Yuan. And then he realized. They looked alike. They truly were like carbon copies. Lee TaeKyung looked like that man. Yuan looked just like Kang Yina as always.


No


Seo JaeHyuk suddenly took a step back.


No. It can’t be. There’s no way.


This wasn’t possible. He wanted to deny it. However, the brother and sister standing in front of him really looked like them. It was as if they had come back from the dead. From the

past. From his memories that he had tried so hard to erase.


“We’re together.”


That was what Kang Yina had told him that day. In order to see her, he had traveled all the way to Japan. They were childhood friends, and she was the love of his life. However, she had told him the news as if it was nothing. So happily.


“We’re going to get married. Oppa, don’t tell my dad. He’ll kill me. It’s seriously going to get so chaotic.”


Even as she talked about how scared she was of her father, she still giggled. The Yina back then was so pure and lovely. She was so breathtakingly bright.


“As you know, there’s no way I’m going to enter a contract marriage. Even you told me that you’d hate a marriage like that. I’ll hate it too. Ugh, seriously. I really wish they’d stop getting married as a way to seal a deal. Are we royalty? Are we nobles? My father used to be a farmhand in a nobleman’s residence. During the Japanese occupation, he made money by bowing

down to the Japanese. It’s nothing to be proud of, so I don’t know why he’s so obsessed with earning more money through marriage and blood alliances It’s sickening. Don’t you think, Oppa?”


He didn’t have anything to say. He couldn’t say anything. He should have agreed with her and told her to be happy with the man she chose, but he couldn’t do it. In that moment, he just hated her. He couldn’t take it.


“Hyung, please tell me. If I can’t go through with the merger, I’ll die. You know where that woman is, right? I know that you’ve been secretly in contact with her. If you save me just this once, I’ll always be in your debt for the rest of my life.”


A young Min DaeYup grabbed him and begged. He was drunk and his eyes were bloodshot from all the liquor. Crazy bastard. He didn’t care whether Min DaeYup lived or died. However, his next words were enough to turn JaeHyuk’s soul into the devil’s.


“I’ll let you have her. Kang Yina. Hyung, you like that woman, right? Haven’t you been in love all this time? I only need to marry her. I don’t have any other interest in that woman. I’ll look the other way if you start having an affair with her. You

only need to tell me where she is, Hyung. I’ll take care of the rest.”


He’ll take care of the rest? Really?


He’ll look the other way? Seriously?


Yina was living well. She was incredibly happy. She had met the man she loved and had even given birth to his son. They didn’t have any wealth or honor to boast about, but the couple was doing their best to live each day to the fullest.


He needed to protect her. He needed to help her so that her beloved son would grow up well. That’s what love was. That was the right thing to do, wasn’t it?


But that voice stuck with him.


“I’ll let you have her.”

It was like the murmurs of the devil himself.


“You only need to tell me where she is.”


No matter how much he tried to wash away his sins, they wouldn’t go away. A defiled love was no longer love. With his eyes closed, he handed over Yina’s address to Min DaeYup. He actually knew about the misfortune would be brought upon her family once he did this.


There was no way he didn’t know. Even if he didn’t say it, even if he told himself that it wasn’t true, he knew what hideous desire lurked deep within his heart.


Like that, Yina was dragged back to Korea, and like that, Yina collapsed. Even though he knew that he was to blame, he was blinded by his desire for her. This was the cowardly, horrible, and terrifying true side of Seo JaeHyuk.


“Don’t you remember?”

The revived Kang Yina asked him.


“Don’t you remember what you did?”


“I-I don’t know.”


His stiff lips barely managed to respond. However, he quickly came back to his senses and yelled out.


“What kind of bullshit is this? Is this bastard completely insane?”


He clenched his fist. There were too many people. They were all looking at him. On top of that, Yina’s daughter, Min Yuan, and his son, Seo JoonHun, were standing in front of him. He had wanted to be linked to Yina in some way, but their twisted relationship was still eerily holding him back.


“Take this bastard out immediately! This bastard has gone completely insane!”

Lee TaeKyung smiled as he watched President Seo throw a fit.


He wanted to make an excuse for himself. He wanted to deny it. But would that absolve him from everything he had done?


Lee TaeKyung continued to stare at him before he took out his phone. He turned his head to look at Yuan. His sister had become as white as a sheet as she looked back at him. However, her eyes remained steady and calm.


“I saw that you deleted the data.”


He began to press a few buttons on his phone as he apathetically whispered.


“Did you really think that I wouldn’t have made a backup? No matter how deeply you hid it within your program, did you really think I wouldn’t know?”


Suddenly, the large screen behind the stage was filled with noise and static before a video began to play. Every cellphone

inside the venue began to play the video as well.


“Min Yuan, this is what it means to love someone. Obsession, desire, and ultimately ruin. So don’t fall in love like this ever again.”


In that moment, Yuan’s ‘Book of Death’ was being played. Just like its namesake, it called forth the dead from the middle of hell. The face of the dead appeared on the screen of every hacked device in the room. It was the ashen face of Yuan and TaeKyung’s mother, Kang Yina. She was mumbling in the video. Then she opened her dry lips and began to confess.


“Ahem My name is Kang Yina My date of birth is February 8th, 1963. My father’s name is Kang HyungWon and my mother’s is Kim Sena. My husband is Han JinWook, my son Han TaeKyung, and my daughter Han Yuan. Today is February 8th, 2006. My birthday. Today I will try to kill myself This video will reveal why I have to die and who is responsible for driving me to my death. This is my last will and testament, as well as a revelation.”


“No! No! Take that down this instant! Take it down! It’s all fake! Aaagh! Aaaaaagh!!!”

Seo JaeHyuk began to scream as if he’d lost it. Someone went up on the stage and tried to operate the computer controlling the screen, but the hacked computer refused to cooperate.


Seeing Seo JaeHyuk go on a fitful rampage, the surrounding reporters began to endlessly take photos of him. When he eventually collapsed, the security guards began to roughly shove the reporters back. The room had fallen into utter chaos.


Within this storm, Yuan couldn’t hear a thing. She merely turned around and looked back at JoonHun. He was also looking at her.


Untreatable wounds began to tear into their hearts.


Cruel fate had reared its ugly head.


He had gone ghastly pale as he just stood there, frozen. Their eyes met. The audience’s silence. Kang Yina’s voice as she gave her confession. President Seo’s screams. Within all that, Yuan continued to look at him.

It was all collapsing. From the moment she had met him until now, every single memory was crumbling. As the ground between them split open, her surroundings were collapsing.


If she only took a few steps forward, she’d be able to return to his side. However, Yuan could no longer approach him. His eyes, those firm eyes that were now lifeless, seemed to say it all.


Someone was running towards him. It was Secretary Kang. She hadn’t heard President Seo faint. She didn’t hear the reporters cry out. JoonHun’s eyes left hers and turned to Secretary Kang. He began to walk towards her. Then he passed by her.


She couldn’t hear anything. She couldn’t see anything. Everything had been revealed. Even though everything had gone back to the beginning, she felt as if everything had ended instead. Yuan felt as if she was stuck and couldn’t move.

“Last night, during the HyunJin anniversary banquet at S hotel, a video file was released that has been making a huge impact in our country. The video was of Kang Yina, the daughter of KeumYoung, who passed away 13 years ago. This video was on every screen in the hotel. It was also released on the internet. Many viewers are still leaving comments on the post.”


“Yes. 28 years ago, RyuHwa Company and KeumYoung Investments merged to form the powerful investment company R&K. The only daughter of KeumYoung, Kang Yina, and the eldest son of RyuHwa, Min DaeYup were married in order to seal this merger. Although Kang Yina already had a family, her previous husband and her son suffered a fatal car crash. The video revealed that the crash was actually planned by the ex- President Min DaeYup and HyunJin’s President Seo JaeHyuk. As this video spread out to the public, our citizens are in complete and total shock.”


“This is truly a terrifying and sickening story. A premeditated murder and a contract marriage It’s truly uncivilized and disgusting. How has R&K and HyunJin responded to this?”


“R&K’s ex-president and HyunJin have both firmly protested and denied these allegations. However, other evidence that says otherwise is beginning to pop up all over the internet. It looks like these two presidents will have a hard time avoiding police

questioning.”


“Haa, this story is so tragic that I can hardly believe my ears. But I heard the more pressing story actually involves President Seo JaeHyuk’s son, Directly Seo JoonHun, and Kang Yina-’s daughter, Min Yuan-.”


“Yes, if we look at their parents, they were supposed to be mutual enemies. However, last April, they celebrated their 2nd anniversary. Will this couple be able to stay married after all this? Many of us are curious about the story behind how they even got married in the first place”


“Damn it.”


Eri moved the mouse and turned off the live stream. The room plunged into silence. The sunlight poured over the humming computer. She could hear the children running on the streets outside. To anyone else, this day was an ordinary day like any other. To someone else, her world had completely collapsed.


After Eri closed the browser window, three laughing faces were looking back at her. The photo was of high-schoolers Yuan

and Eri, and even TaeKyung was by their side. The picture was taken 10 years ago. Eri saw her own brightly smiling face, Yuan’s slight smile, and TaeKyung’s blank expression on the monitor.


After staring at the picture for a bit, Eri quickly moved the mouse and began searching for the button to delete the photo. However, the cursor remained on the ‘delete’ button for a while. She had nurtured an unrequited love for one man for so long. She had been disappointed and angry with him before, but she had never hated him.


Eri calmly looked at the man’s face in the picture before clicking the ‘delete’ button. Maybe she should have gotten rid of these feelings a long time ago. Because she wanted to see him, she had chased him all the way back to Korea. And yet these memories were being erased like this.


Ding-dong. The doorbell suddenly rang.


Surprised, Eri turned her head and looked at the front door. Then she turned back and looked at the small room behind her. The door had remained closed all this time. Yuan had not left the room at all. 3 days had passed since the scandal. Yuan wasn’t

eating, drinking, talking, or crying.


Did Yuan’s husband come for her? Eri quickly ran over to the door and looked through the peep hole. Surprisingly, the man outside wasn’t JoonHun. It was Lee TaeKyung.


– Open up, Eri. I know Yuan’s here.


Eri looked at him for a while before straightening up. Yeah, she knew he’d show up here eventually. Yuan didn’t have anywhere else to go but here. As soon the door opened with a creak, she saw a restless TaeKyung standing there.


“How’s Yuan?”


“How do you think she is?”


“Move. I’ll try talking to her.”

“Where do you think you’re going?”


Eri’s cold voice made TaeKyung stop in his tracks.


Her expression was so different from usual. Whenever he scolded her, she would pout as she put on a pitiful expression. However, she quickly smiled brightly whenever she looked at him. He didn’t see any of that now. It was almost as if he was meeting a stranger for the first time. Her voice sounded awkward and cold.


“Eri, now isn’t the time to”


“What is this the time for, then?”


“Eri!”


“What are you going to do now? Haven’t you gotten everything you wanted already, Oppa? Stop tormenting Yuan.”

“What?”


TaeKyung glared at Eri with cold eyes.


“Torment? How am I tormenting her? Is it normal for her to be acting like that? Is it normal for her to be lying down like that just because she broke up with that bastard Seo JoonHun?!”


“Of course it’s normal! Then what is normal to you? She wasn’t able to be with the man she loved She even hurt him, so how can she act as if nothing’s wrong?”


“Eri!”


“Oppa! Please, wake up! You and even your dead mother are not normal! Because of your precious revenge, you’ve broken Yuan down to this state. What more are you planning to do? She’s already completely collapsed, so how are you going to fix this?! Oppa, do you think this makes any sense? In order to fulfill her revenge, she locked her daughter in the closet and made her watch something like that! Does that seem normal to

you? In order to fulfill your revenge, you destroyed her love and threw it away. So what have you gained from all this? What have you and your dead mother gained from this?!”


“What did you say? What do you know? What do you know anyway? You don’t know the suffering my mother went through You don’t know how I grew up. How do you know any of it?!”


“Yeah! I don’t know! How would I know someone else’s suffering? But I know one thing! You and your mother in order to soothe your hatred, you’ve sacrificed Yuan to get what you wanted!”


“What did you say?”


Slap! Eri’s head jerked to the side. Both of them were shocked. TaeKyung who had slapped her cheek, and Eri who had been hit. Both were so surprised that they couldn’t speak. Eri’s eyes reddened as she glared at him.


“Ah Eri I’m sorry”

TaeKyung tried to approach her, but she slapped his hand away as she scowled at him.


“Just what is the difference between you and President Min?”


“What?”


“You both destroyed another person in order to get what you wanted. What’s the difference between you and President Min?”


“What did you say?”


TaeKyung paled as he glared at her, but he couldn’t think of what to say. Everything had been done for his mother’s sake. Everything had been done for revenge. However, had Yuan truly wanted that as well?


“She didn’t tell you not to get revenge! It’s not like she wouldn’t have helped you. But you shouldn’t have taken it that far! There should have been other ways to do it! Did you have to

reveal all this to the whole world?”


TaeKyung merely stared at Eri silently.


“Do you know why Hammurabi’s code says, ‘An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth’? You see, humans they will go further than just an eye in the name of revenge! It’s because they always want more. Just plucking an eye or breaking a tooth isn’t enough. They need to rip limbs and end lives in order to be satisfied. Why didn’t you protect Yuan? Why don’t you know your only sister’s heart? Aren’t you her older brother? You’re her only family!”


Her tears began to flow. But she couldn’t hold back any longer.


“Do you know love, Oppa? Do you know what true love is? Do you think love lets you do whatever you want? Do you think Yuan fell in love with that person because she wanted to?! She fell in love with the son of the enemy who hurt her mother. How do you think she felt? Do you think she was comfortable? Do you think she liked it? Why can’t you understand that?!”

TaeKyung’s face hardened. He stood still as he stared at Eri. He had believed that he was in the right all this time. He believed that this was the only way to make things right. But he finally realized that he head treated Yuan so cruelly in all this.


“I don’t know what’s going through your head, but Yuan really likes her husband. That man loves her too. But now what are they supposed to do? How can that man face Yuan now? After all that’s happened between their parents, how can they even look at each other?”


Her tears didn’t stop, and they began to flow down her cheeks.


“Eri”


“Enough already. Please, that’s enough. Are you planning on completely burning HyunJin to the ground? 40,000 people work for that company. If you include their families, that’s 200,000 people. Everyone knows how you feel, and everyone knows about your mother’s suffering. That’s enough. So stop here. And leave Yuan alone. Right now, she’s”

Eri tried to hold back her tears, but she couldn’t.


“She’s in so much pain that she might die”


TaeKyung remained silent.


Thud. The door closed. TaeKyung blankly stood outside. He clenched his fist so tight that he felt as if they’d bleed.


Yuan was hurting. She was hurting so much that she might die.


“Oppa Can’t I be happy?”


He recalled his sister saying those words.


“I’ve never felt happy since the moment I was born. I feel like my whole life is just one big tragedy. As if I was born just to be punished. I’ve lived each day feeling that way. Every single day

was painful. Can’t I just live the way I want to live from now on? Can’t I just have the things I want? I love that man.”


She told him, her eyes filled with tears. Why did those words sound so hateful back then? Why did he feel so betrayed?


It was because he was the same as Yuan. From the moment he was born up till now, TaeKyung had never tasted happiness. Everyday, in his heart, his father died and his mother was raped. They lived in suffering together. However, Yuan was now telling him that she wanted to be happy on her own.


He absolutely hated it. He could never forgive her for it.


So he wanted to destroy that happiness.


Using revenge as an excuse, he wanted to shatter Yuan’s happiness.


Aaah, how wicked was he? How disgusting was he? Eri was right. Because of this hatred, he had become a twisted man.

TaeKyung crouched down and wept. His body shook with grief, and pain pressed down on him. As he tried to suppress his sobs, Eri was leaning on the other side of the door. Inside the small room, Yuan was also crying as she crouched down next to the window right above the front door. She had heard everything.


When would this punishing suffering disappear? When would they escape this immense hatred and truly be free? No one knew.


The next morning, they received news of President Seo JaeHyuk’s suicide.


“What?”


Yuan sat up and asked again. The room was spinning before her eyes. Shocked, Eri approached her and hugged her.


“Yuan, calm down.”

“What are they talking about? Suicide?”


“I was surprised to hear it too. This morning, in his home”


She couldn’t finish her sentence and tell her that he had hanged himself. Yuan didn’t move. She remained still as if she hadn’t heard anything. Suddenly, she stood up.


“I need to go.”


She needed to see JoonHun.


“Yuan!”


“I need to”


However, she hadn’t eaten these past few days. She crumpled to the floor. Unaware that her knees had taken a bad hit, Yuan stood back up and struggled to walk.

She needed to leave. Suicide She knew what it felt like when a parent committed suicide. She wanted to see JoonHun right away.


“Yuan!”


But even if she went What would she say?


Yuan suddenly stopped. She felt a chill spread through her body. She clearly recalled everyone’s faces as they looked at her at the party. The astonishment and shock! Her stinging cheek where Yoon HeeSoo had slapped her. She remembered it all vividly.


She had basically ended Seo JaeHyuk’s life. She had basically killed him. How could she offer up her condolences to that family? How ridiculous would it be?


“Hmm, hmm”


A sound left Yuans lips. Was she laughing or crying?

“HaHaha”


She crouched down and burst out laughing.


Mom, look at this. In the end, everything went your way.
Take that man’s soul and drag it to hell.


“Yuan.”


Eri worriedly grabbed Yuan by her shoulders and shook. Yuan’s whole body began to tremble. She couldn’t stop the tremors. A wail crawled up her throat and burst out with her laughter. Shocked, Eri cried as she hugged her. However, it wouldn’t stop.


How much had she cried? How much had she struggled? Yuan finally passed out. Scared, Eri called an ambulance. The red and blue lights blinked one after the other. The loud siren seemed to shake Yuan’s head. Everything was shaking. And finally, everything came crashing down.

Yuan’s body was being swallowed up into the dark abyss. In the darkness, she saw her mother. Her mother stayed still and simply stared at her. She also saw President Min. And President Seo.


Like empty shells without souls, they began to sway and floated away into the air. Like a jellyfish in the sea, they began to slowly float away.


Then she saw JoonHun. How he had looked when her mother’s video was being played. He was staring at her. Finally, he began to walk towards her. But he passed by her and got further away.


Mr JoonHun.


Yuan called out to him.


Joon-Hun-, wait!


She needed to tell him She wanted to tell him that she tried

to cover up the truth That she hadn’t wanted him to suffer like this She needed to tell him that she had wanted to give up on this revenge plan. That she wanted to stay by his side


He got further away. He kept drifting away from her.


Mr JoonHun


Yuan screamed out his name.

It was pouring.


The people who had come to mourn the dead were silent. Their cold, hardened faces merely looked down at the ground. They didn’t say a word.


Wearing a black suit, JoonHun looked pale. He stood at the very front and looked down. Behind him, Seo MoonHyuk looked anxious for some reason. The heavy monsoon rains drenched everyone’s expensive shoes, but nobody outwardly complained.


Time passed. JoonHun calmly performed his duties. No matter what storm was brewing inside, right now, he was HyunJin’s successor. The guests approached him and gave him the typical words of comfort, but he continued to solemnly listen attentively.


Finally, the funeral ended, and all the guests got in their black cars and left. The rain began to fall harder, and a heavy atmosphere pressed down all around them.

In this gray world, JoonHun was left alone with his father.


Holding	an	umbrella,	JoonHun	coldly	watched	as	the workmen began to shovel the wet dirt on top of the coffin.


Why did you do it?


So many questions began to go through his mind, but one question was absolutely clear.


Just why did you do it?


Why	did	you	give	up	Kang	Yina’s	whereabouts	to	Min DaeYup?


Why did you do such a thing?


Why did you do such a horrible thing?

The dead didn’t speak. It was better that way. Suffering and chaos was a burden left for the living. Having dumped all of his responsibilities onto those left behind, his father had broken free of the chains that bound him and escaped.


JoonHun couldn’t forgive him.


He grit his teeth.


More than any other time in his life, he felt an incredible hatred for his father.


Suddenly, JoonHun heard a sound behind him. On a hunch, he turned around. He saw Yuan standing there, holding a black umbrella. She must have been suffering all this time. She had lost weight. As soon as he saw her gaunt face, JoonHun felt something rise up inside him. He clenched the umbrella handle in his hand.


Yuan didn’t say a word.

Cliché condolences or etiquette were pointless. Yuan merely looked at JoonHun’s face and at President Seo’s coffin that was covered in wet dirt. Her face was so pale, so hard, that JoonHun could barely stand it.


They stood like that for a long time. The rain continued to pour down. The raindrops flowed down the umbrella and dripped onto the grave.


JoonHun suddenly remembered the first day he had met her. He had been worried that she would fall for him. They were contract marriage partners, not Romeo and Juliet.


A faint smile spread across his lips. He shouldn’t have thought that way. Fate worked in mysterious ways. No one knew what twists and turns would come their way.


He could still vividly remember her pale face as she sat gracefully in front of the backdrop of magnolia blossoms. He remembered how she had walked towards him as a bride at their wedding. How she had been sitting in front of the wisteria flowers that night as if she were an illusion.

JoonHun didn’t realize that he had slowly been falling in love this whole time.


He didn’t know how sly love could be. How cruel.


Once you fell, it was incredibly difficult to get back up. No matter how much suffering and pain it caused, you couldn’t throw it away. He knew this now.


No matter what happened between them, he would never be able to forget the image he had of her when they first met.


He could barely stand it as he watched his wife standing in the rain, tears flowing down her pale face.


JoonHun threw his umbrella down and walked up to her. He hugged her tightly to his chest. She had also walked towards him. The rain drenched the couple. They were both trembling. They were both crying, but their tears mixed in with the rain.


“I’m sorry.”

JoonHun whispered.


“Yuan, I’m sorry.”


“I’m sorry too.”


“What could you possibly be sorry about?”


“Just everything I’m sorry for everything, Mr JoonHun.”


They were like fools. Even though none of this was their fault, they were the ones left suffering.


Just when did things get twisted like this? If only they hadn’t met. If they had been more wary of getting close to each other, would they have been able to avoid all this?


If only they could have completely hated each other. If only they drew the line and lived as complete strangers. However,

they couldn’t do it.


Seo JoonHun’s sin was that he was Seo JoonHun. Min Yuan’s sin was that she was Min Yuan. Their crime was being born as who they were. Yuan tightly closed her eyes. The raindrops kept flowing down her face along with her tears.


Yuan didn’t know how she got in the car. JoonHun had dragged her by the hand and got them both inside. The raindrops hit the roof of the car before trickling down the windows. Yuan heard the engine start. They began to race towards an unknown destination.


It was dark outside. The pale streetlights looked deformed through the wet windows. Yuan calmly looked out the windshield. She wanted to run away like this, just the two of them. How long were they on the road? She flinched as she woke up. The car had stopped in front of a cliff.


All she could see in front of her was the blue sky. Yuan became nervous and looked at JoonHun.

Why did they come here?


“There’s something I need to give you.”


JoonHun whispered in a low voice. He turned his head and looked at her. His face was haggard. It looked like he had also been suffering.


“What is it?”


“My father left a letter for you.”


At those words, Yuan’s body tensed up.


“I know it’s painful. But something important is written in it.
I’d like for you to take a look.”


He reached back and grabbed an envelope. He handed it to her. In the dim light, Yuan had turned as white as a sheet as she

looked at the envelope. Did she have to read this? A dark hatred began to bubble up inside her, but she couldn’t stand back.


“Read it. Please.”


At his words, Yuan carefully opened the envelope.


Dear Yuan,


By the time you’re reading this, I’ll have already left this world. I don’t know what I can say to you. But please listen to my final words that are accompanied by my death.


I’m sorry. I’m sorry for everything.


I know that I cannot possibly repent for the sins I have committed against your mother because of my foolish selfishness.

The sin of revealing your mother’s whereabouts to Min DaeYup, the sin of bringing all this misfortune upon you. For those sins, I will ask for your forgiveness through death.


But, Yuan. I never dirtied your mother. I swear to you, that wasn’t me. How could I have done such a disgusting thing to her?


It was Seo MoonHyuk. I knew that my younger brother had done such a thing. I heard the rumors that Min DaeYup was doing something like this, but I never knew MoonHyuk was also involved until recently. When I found out that the bastard was also interested in having you, I quickly arranged your marriage to JoonHun.


Please believe me. It’s the truth. I know that this is a pathetic excuse. I understand that this is only the first of my sins. But I never dirtied your mother. How could I possibly carry that sin with me as I made you my daughter-in-law?


I sincerely ask for your forgiveness for not kicking out my younger brother for what he had done. I was punishing him, pushing him down step by step, but I don’t think I can hold on any longer. I will leave the rest to JoonHun.

This letter, this truth, and this misfortune I plan on leaving it all to you as I leave this world. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I know that I will never be able to repay you even in death, but all I can say is that I’m so sorry.


Seo JaeHyuk.


Yuan was frozen as she read the letter. She read it once but couldn’t understand it, so she read it again. It was a dizzying letter where he had poured out all the chaos and suffering he had been feeling before he died. However, one thing was true.


It was Seo MoonHyuk?


The man who had dirtied her mother was Seo MoonHyuk?


She was confused. She thought she had definitely seen Seo JaeHyuk But it did happen 13 years ago, and she had only caught a glimpse through the closet door. Shocked by the disgusting scene, Yuan had closed her eyes and covered her ears. She could have confused Seo JaeHyuk with Seo MoonHyuk. The two looked very much alike.

“The content of this letter is correct. It definitely wasn’t him. My father had an illness. He couldn’t embrace a woman properly. That’s why he never married another woman after my mother.”


What? Yuan’s eyes widened.


“It was my father’s deepest secret. It’s definitely not him, Yuan. If you’d like, I’ll even show you his medical records.”


That’s


Ghastly pale, Yuan looked at him. Then it really was Seo MoonHyuk all this time?


“I’m not trying to belittle the suffering your mother went through or the suffering you and Lee TaeKyung lived through. My father really was planning on punishing my uncle.”


Yuan stared at him as tears began to form in her eyes. She felt as if a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders. Just

thinking that JoonHun’s father had done that to her mother had made her feel so disgusted.


However, this didn’t solve everything. On top of that, President Seo JaeHyuk had passed away because of all this.


“I don’t know what to do.”


Yuan covered her face with her hands. She really didn’t know what to do. She didn’t know what to think. She didn’t know how to proceed. Suddenly, JoonHun grabbed her hands and lowered them.


“Yuan. Look at me. Look closely.”


He muttered quietly. Yuan raised her eyes and looked at him.
As he softly held her hands, JoonHun whispered.


“Let’s forget the past.”

What a cliché. However, those were the words that they needed to hear right now.


“I’m a man who is lacking. I never believed in love and was cautious about marriage. I was trash that only thought about profits and money. I didn’t know the consequences that would come from my actions. I didn’t know the pain I inflicted on others as I lived my life.”


“Mr JoonHun.”


Yuan frowned. That was the same for her. She had also used him and their marriage. For revenge, she had justified it all. She made mistakes. She hated and loathed. She thought it was a given that people would get hurt in the process.


However, in the end, everyone had become the offender, and everyone had become the victim. Was there no other way? Was there no wiser choice? Looking back, she was full of regret. Everyone had gotten hurt.


“Don’t regret the path we’ve walked. Don’t look back at

something we cannot change. Nothing good will come out of dwelling on it. Nothing will get better just because you’re suffering.”


He raised his eyes and looked at her. He gripped her hands a bit tighter.


“Our next steps are going to be very important. I’ve decided to only focus on that. The important thing right now is you and me. Don’t think about my father or your mother. Right now, only think about us.”


His grip tightened again. Then he pressed a kiss onto her hand.


“Min DaeYup, Seo MoonHyuk. They will be collapse by my own hands. I will thoroughly crush them. I will trample them down so that they will never do something like this again. So You need to leave me.”


Yuan flinched in surprise as her eyes widened.

JoonHun was looking into her eyes. He still didn’t truly know what love was. But he didn’t want anything to hurt her anymore. The disgusting events she had to live through He didn’t want her to live through them again.


He wanted her to be happy. He wanted her to be free. He would never forget the way her face had looked as she gazed out the window during the emergency landing. He wanted her to take some time away from the pain and suffering to heal.


He wanted her to get healthy. He would do anything to make her genuinely smile.


He recalled how she had laughed when she was by his side. Even though she was wearing incredibly expensive clothing, her smiles were all fake. He never wanted to see Yuan like that ever again.


“If it’s for you, I’ll do anything. Nothing will hurt you anymore. I will never forgive anyone or anything that hurts you.”

“Mr JoonHun.”


“Go somewhere else. Live freely. Don’t worry, I’ll take care of the rest of your revenge. It’s going to be an intense and disgusting battle. I don’t want you to be a part of this fight anymore. Forget everything. Don’t worry about anything. Eat well. Smile everyday. Draw and do whatever you want to do.”


Yuan didn’t move and continued to stare at him.


“How can I do that?”


“Of course you can.”


“But”


“You can do it, Yuan.”


He laughed softly and whispered as if he was reciting an

order.


“You can do it, Yuan. Leave your mother behind. Leave my father behind. Leave the sickening memories, hatred, and revenge behind. That’s the only way you can continue to live. That’s the only way I can live. No matter what it is, just do what you want. Visit the places you wanted to see, and try the things you’ve always wanted to do.”


“Mr JoonHun.”


“Tell me you’ll do it. That’s what I want. Can’t you see?”


Yuan’s eyes wavered as she looked at him.


Could she really do that?


Could she hand him all of her burdens and leave?

Did this make any sense?


She didn’t know. But Yuan only had JoonHun left.


Suddenly, the clear sunlight shone on his face. Surprised, Yuan turned her head to find that the bright sun had begun to pierce the dark sky. Unable to distinguish them before, Yuan could finally see the purple sea that was separate from the dark blue sky.


“Ah”


Yuan’s lips opened as she looked at the sun.


The bright sun was rising right on time. Yuan felt as if everything was being reborn. She bit her lip. The earth revolved around the sun, but it never revolved around the same spot. The sun was also moving around in this huge galaxy. Perhaps every day was a truly a new day, a new place, as they traveled with the sun.

Could she do it?


Yuan tightened her grip on JoonHun’s hand.


Could she really start fresh? Be free from revenge? Could she choose love over hate? Could she leave this place and discover herself? Could she truly do it? Could she test their love like this?


JoonHun gazed at her. Through all the pain, there was a strength rising in her eyes. Even if she changed, he had to accept it. Yuan lifted her face and pressed her lips onto his.


“I love you.”


Her short phrase seemed to surprise her battered heart. The two continued to look at each other.


“Me too I love you, Yuan.”

The confessions began to flow with their tears. He lowered his lips onto hers. The sun pierced through the sea and the earth. The rays gently shone down on them.

Over 1 year later.


[Aaack, wait! Excuse me! I’m sorry. I just need to get through!]


The sun was brightly shining down on the airport in Barcelona, Spain. A woman was crying out as she ran. Short hair. White t-shirt with jeans. A large backpack haphazardly shook over her shoulders. The woman was holding a white boarding pass in her hand.


Inside the airport, announcements were blaring over the speakers in both English and Spanish. They made the woman even more nervous.


When she finally arrived at the boarding gate, the flight attendant was just about to close the gate. She ran towards the flight attendant. The blonde, Spanish flight attendant laughed as she took the woman’s boarding pass.


[Han SooHyun-?]

Min Yuan was now a woman named Han SooHyun. She nodded as she gasped for breath.


[Yes, yes.]


[Please come in.]


She barely made it.


The flight attendant returned the boarding pass to SooHyun. As she gripped it in her hand, SooHyun began to head inside the plane. Possibly because everyone else had finished boarding, the sunny passageway was completely empty. A stewardess was waiting for SooHyun at the entrance of the plane, smiling brightly.


For a little over a year, SooHyun had traveled the world.


She left the chaotic country of Korea and went to China. She crossed through the Himalayan Mountains of Nepal and wandered around India. From there, she went back up to

Europe, then the United States, then down to South America, then to Africa. She was going through Spain and was now on her way to Dubai.


The backpack felt awkward at first, but now it was like a part of her body. Born as a lady of a conglomerate family, she began to live in terribly-maintained guest houses, went on buses with dogs and chickens in India, climbed steep mountains, and met exotic people. This became her daily life.


She didn’t know what was happening in Korea. She didn’t listen to any news related to Korea. She only had the smartphone she was holding, and money The alimony she received from her ex-husband was enough.


Ex-husband. That’s what she called JoonHun now.


Over a year had passed since they had gotten a divorce. It had been over a year since she changed her surname back to Han after confirming her biological connection with the Han family name.

“As-salamu alaikum.”


SooHyun didn’t know how many planes she had boarded thus far. The stewardess greeted her in Arabic.


“As-salamu alaikum.”


SooHyun stuttered and turned to the side out of habit.


[Miss, please come this way.]


The stewardess blocked SooHyun and gestured to the opposite direction.


[Huh? That’s the business class cabin.]


[You’ve been upgraded. Didn’t anyone tell you?]

Surprised, SooHyun looked down at her boarding pass. 1A. This was definitely in business class.


[Uh, why?]


[We’re fully booked today. Did you board a bit late?]


Occasionally, late boarders were upgraded when the aircraft was full. This seemed to be the case here.


“Nice.”


SooHyun accidentally let out a cheer as she turned around. She had just finished a pilgrimage to Santiago and was now on her way to Dubai. This flight was going to last for more than six hours. This upgrade came at a great time. What more could she ask for?


A man was sitting across the aisle next to her seat. He was wearing a black suit, had long legs, and was holding a document in one hand. That man was

JoonHun. It was Seo JoonHun.


All the memories of the past began to rush through her head.
Her ex-husband was sitting right there.


“JoonHun”


She muttered his name. However, he didn’t look at her. The stewardess next to her looked confused and asked.


[Is something wrong?]


SooHyun couldn’t reply.


[Miss?]


[Ah, sorry.]

Startled, SooHyun finally sat in her seat. The stewardess took her backpack and put it up in the overhead compartment. She spoke to her about securing her seat belt before leaving.


Why was he here?


How was he right next to her?


He definitely heard her call out to him, but why wasn’t he reacting?


Her dry throat tightened.


She heard something rustle. He was turning over a piece of paper. Surprised, SooHyun looked at him. He was completely ignoring her.


What’s going on, Mr JoonHun? How can you not look at me?

Didn’t he tell her that he would destroy Min DaeYup and Seo MoonHyuk for her? Didn’t he tell her to leave her worries behind and travel the world? He said they’d meet again once everything was over. That no matter what happened, he would always protect her. Didn’t he promise her?


Had she misunderstood?


Why was he ignoring her?


Why didn’t he turn to look at her?


She couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Lifeless, SooHyun turned her head back to the front. The screen began to play the security video as the plane rumbled. She heard the engine roar as they began to take off. However, JoonHun still didn’t acknowledge her. Once the plane was safely in the air the seat belt light turned off.


A small sound startled SooHyun. She turned her head. He had merely unclipped his seat belt and was leaning back with his eyes closed.

SooHyun didn’t know what to expect. Her head had gone completely blank. She didn’t know how to handle this man who was ignoring her even though she was sitting right next to him.


She would be lying if she said she hadn’t thought about him during the time she was away. It would be a lie to say that she never missed him.


He was the reason why she had cried as she climbed the mountains of Peru. She thought of him as she watched the sunrise in such a beautiful place. No matter how hard she tried, he would come to her in her dreams. She could almost hear him breathing next to her. Therefore, sleep evaded her.


No matter how much she pretended to be okay, no matter how much she pretended to be happy, it didn’t matter. Even though she visited countless places, even as she was swept away by all the strangers she met, a piece of her heart always stayed with Seo JoonHun.


His eyes as he looked at her when they first met. His back as he turned away indifferently. His hands as he buttoned his sleeve buttons as he was getting ready for work. His appearance as he returned from the office and got off the elevator. She

remembered it all.


She hadn’t forgotten one moment. He was still inside her memories.


The plane’s engine hummed. The lights dimmed inside the cabin. Was it all a passing dream? Had the love she believed to be secure changed?


“What have we both gained from all this?”


Yuan remembered TaeKyung-oppa’s murmur. She met him two months ago in Madrid.


“Eri left.”


Almost drowning in liquor, her brother told her.


“I heard she’s living just fine with a guy named Derrick.”

In the end, Eri had left her brother. A love that had lasted for over 11 years had disappeared, just like that. As her brother poured himself another drink, he didn’t look happy at all. Love wasn’t possible for people like them. They had hurt too many people around them for the sake of revenge.


“What do we do now?”


Even after having gotten his revenge, her brother was lost. He should have felt relieved now that everything was done, but he didn’t feel any relief at all. No matter how many times he had told himself that this was all for his mother, his heart hurt terribly as if it had been ripped to pieces.


SooHyun couldn’t say anything. She silently poured herself a drink. Her brother needed to find his own path now. And the same went for her.


It would be wrong for them to turn back and see the people they had left behind.


Did JoonHun think that way as well? Did he feel relieved now

that they had broken up? Did he begin to doubt his feelings for her? Now that things had settled down, did he realize what was truly in his heart? Was he unable to forgive the woman who had played a part in his father’s death?


“I love you.”


She remembered the words she whispered to him that final day. Her heart throbbed.


At the same time, countless memories began to pierce her heart. His kisses, his gaze, his hands. The way he embraced her. His heavy breaths digging deep into her heart. These memories that made her feel as if she were in heaven and in hell all at once. She remembered his love-drunk voice whispering, ‘I love you.’


If he really had a change of heart, she wouldn’t be able to take it. No matter how freely she roamed this earth, if she didn’t have his heart, SooHyun would no longer be able to be SooHyun.

SooHyun shot up from her seat. She wished she could exit this plane. She couldn’t continue sitting next to him as if nothing was wrong. Suddenly, someone wrapped their arms around her hips. She didn’t have to turn around to know who it was. However, right now, SooHyun felt an overwhelming sadness that won over the relief in her heart. SooHyun tried to push him away, but JoonHun dragged her back into his embrace before taking her inside somewhere.


He closed the curtains. She didn’t know where they were. She heard a faint thud, and her back was up against something cold. Suddenly, JoonHun’s figure blocked everything from her view. His hot lips quickly lowered and swallowed hers.


What is this?! What are you doing, Seo JoonHun?!


Furious, SooHyun tried to close her lips shut as she pounded JoonHun’s chest. However, he didn’t move. He continued to roughly invade her mouth as his arms pulled her tightly against him.


“Don’t cry, Yuan.”

His voice was laced with laughter.


“I was just joking around. Don’t be mad, honey.”


Now wasn’t the time to be joking around!


SooHyun glared at him, a fire burning in her eyes. Her tears continued to fall, dripping down her cheeks.


They were meeting for the first time after 580 days apart. She had missed him so much, and she had endured it every single day as she continued to live without him. So how could he play a joke like that?! Why would he do something like that?!


“I just wanted to annoy you a little bit for leaving me behind and having so much fun on your own Honey, are you crying?”


Thud!


SooHyun pounded her fist on his chest.

“Ugh!”


Even after hearing his groan, she didn’t care. She hated him. She hated him so much. Even though it was only for a moment, she hated that he had scared her like that. They were finally meeting after almost 2 years, so how could he pull this kind of prank on her?!


“Sorry, sorry. Pfft.”


He pulled her back into his arms. SooHyun let out a groan and lightly bit his lips. JoonHun’s brows wrinkled playfully. Seeing that, SooHyun felt the anger rise up again, but the most pressing matter right now was she wanted a kiss.


SooHyun wrapped her arms around his neck. She then fiercely plunged in between his lips and began to suck. Their tongues tangled, their breaths mingled. The man she had missed so much. She could smell her man’s faint scent. His lips felt so good. His touch felt heavenly.


“JoonHun”

SooHyun whispered sweetly before wrapping her tongue around his. A groan ripped out of JoonHun’s throat.


His hand hastily went underneath her t-shirt and began to caress her breast. He had missed this body so much. Her scent was driving him crazy. He wanted to lay her down on the floor right now and take her. He wanted to position himself between her legs and


[Hm, ahem! Excuse me.]


A voice called out, startling both of them. They quickly moved away from each other. Behind the curtain, they could see the gently smiling face of the stewardess.


[You can’t do this here.]


[Ah, we’re sorry]


JoonHun quickly lowered SooHyun’s t-shirt as he apologized. The stewardess’s strict but friendly face didn’t change. They felt

like	naughty	schoolchildren	who	had	been	caught	by	the teacher. SooHyun sniffed and turned her head away.


Oh my god! What were the two of them doing in a place like this? Now that she had a good look at this place, she realized that were inside the compartment where the stewardesses prepared the food!


[I’m sorry. I finally met my lovely wife after 1 year]


[Ah, I see.]


The stewardess still looked stern, but a faint smile formed on her lips. SooHyun turned her head back and looked up at JoonHun, but he continued to slyly explain himself.


What is this man doing?


SooHyun opened her lips in confusion, but he continued to speak with the stewardess.

[I think we’ll finally be able to be together.]


[I’m glad. Congratulations.]


[Speaking of which, I’ve booked The Residence, and I’d like to move there now. Is that alright?]


[Of course, sir. Please come this way.]


Booked? The Residence?


Then did that mean everything had been planned since he got on this plane? Even her upgrade? Shocked, SooHyun looked up at him. JoonHun merely smiled faintly as he dragged her by the hand.


Following the stewardess’s lead, they went up to the second floor of the plane. SooHyun gasped. She had heard of the luxurious Arabic airplanes, but she didn’t know they had installed things like this too.

Through the windows, she could see the endless sky. Just like its name, The Residence was basically no different from a hotel room. There was a wide bed and even a small shower in the bathroom. Someone had placed a freshly-picked rose on top of the bed.


“Wow, what is all this? This is amazing.”


“Do you like it?”


“Of course I do! I’ve never seen anything like it before!”


“I’m glad. I wanted to make sure our reunion would take place somewhere special.”


“It’s so cool. Really. But what’s going on? Why are you here?”


“Everything’s over.”

JoonHun’s eyes sparkled.


“What?”


Shocked, SooHyun asked. Everything’s over? What is?


“Starting now, Min DaeYup is being imprisoned for life in the United States.”


What?


How had things progressed so quickly? Even if it happened on US territory, being sentenced and imprisoned there would require a lot of time as well as a complicated and expensive lawsuit. But how had JoonHun done this so quickly?


“I rushed it so that I could meet you faster.”


JoonHun laughed softly as he spoke.

“What about Seo MoonHyuk?”


“Min DaeYup’s list has been revealed. Seo MoonHyuk and the other names were released. I know Korean trials take a longer time, but Seo MoonHyuk has already been cut off from the company.”


Yuan could imagine Kim HyoJung’s unruly face when she heard the news. She burst out laughing as she replied.


“You told me this battle would last a long time, but how did you manage to end it so quickly?”


“I used all my strength to make it happen.”


“You’re quite amazing, aren’t you, Seo Mr JoonHun?”


“I have to admit that I am kind of amazing.”

He lowered his head and kissed her lips. Yuan would never know how much he had pushed those around him to make it happen.


“Let’s talk about this later. For now, you need to take care of this.”


Surprised, SooHyun’s gaze fell on the place JoonHun gestured to. Something was pushing up against his pants, almost as if it was going to pierce right through. Shocked, SooHyun raised her head and gasped.


“Gah.”


“Why are you so surprised? You’re the one who made me this way.”


He stretched out his hand and gently placed her hand over his swollen cock.


“No, it’s not that. I was just wondering if you were always this

big”


“I’ve been holding it in for so long, I think I’m about to die. Min Yuan, no, Han SooHyun, take your clothes off. Or else you’ll be wearing ripped clothing when we get off this plane.”


Gasp. SooHyun’s breath caught as she looked at him. A starving beast was looking down at her. She felt a chill run down her spine. How long was this flight to Dubai? Was it 6 hours? There was no way they were going to spend all those 6 hours having sex in the beautiful Residence, right?


“Of course we are.”


As if he read her mind, JoonHun answered as he began to approach her.


“Why else do you think I booked The Residence for $20,000?”


He whispered sweetly as he took her top off.

“Aaagh, ah”


Inside the plane traveling at 900 km/hr, SooHyun was grabbing onto the windowsill with her head hanging down. Behind her, JoonHun’s cock was pounding into her. He felt so big and rough that she could barely take him.


Ah, my god She wondered how she had been able to fully receive this man in the past. Her body which had been locked away for almost 2 years was now squirming underneath his burning body.


“Tell me.”


JoonHun whispered with a moan as he embraced her from behind. His big, strong hand was grabbing onto her lower abdomen. He pulled her against him with more force, and his cock plunged further inside. SooHyun felt as she couldn’t breathe. She was going insane.


“Tell me. Did you miss me?”

His finger began to dig in between her petals. Her juices were dripping down from his thrusting cock alone, but now he began to rub her sensitive peak. Blinding, white pleasure spread throughout her body. SooHyun didn’t have a chance to answer him as she cried out. He’s the one that made her like this. How did he expect her to answer his question?


“Tell me.”


Thrust! The sound of their bodies slapping together rang inside the room. She moaned as she answered him.


“Aaah! I missed you.”


“How much? As much as I missed you? I thought I’d go crazy every night because I wanted you so badly. Did you miss me that much?”


Both of them weren’t in their right minds. JoonHun had lost control a long time ago. He growled like a beast as he began to frantically pound into her. An uncontrollable thirst was burning through his whole body. He wanted to bite her, drink

her, and eat her up.


“Yuan!”


His movements became rough. As if he wanted to merge her body with his, he held back his release and continued to pump into her. And SooHyun continued to helplessly hold on to the windowsill. The sky began to shake. The sun became brighter. As an earth-shattering release began to crawl up her spine, SooHyun was unable to return to her senses.


Thrust, thrust, thrust, thrust. The sound of SooHyun’s bottom slapping against his thighs filled the room. Her swollen entrance continued to swallow his cock as it twitched. As JoonHun grabbed her breast and put his other hand between her thighs, he began to grind into her.


She felt as if her heart had stopped. Her body surrendered to the wave of pleasure and began to shudder. Still, they didn’t stop.


“Nnnng. Hnnng.”

SooHyun moaned as she now embraced him.


His hips began to pump faster. She felt as if her body was going to shatter. An unbearable pleasure surrounded both of them. Finally, they both fell off the cliff together.


Haaa Haaa


SooHyun barely returned from the fall. JoonHun’s hot breaths were pouring over her neck. SooHyun turned her head and watched him. Their eyes met, and JoonHun rubbed his forehead against hers.


“I missed you. I thought I’d go crazy from missing you.”


As if to prove it, his cock began to harden inside her once again.


“I saw all the pictures you posted on your blog. They were so beautiful. The locations were beautiful too, but the photos of you were the most beautiful.”

SooHyun raised her arm and began to stroke his hair as she gave him a kiss.


“I was always thinking about you as I took those photos.”


Every time she came across a beautiful view, JoonHun was the first thought that entered her mind. Strangely enough, SooHyun truly didn’t dwell on her mother, the people she hated, or even her brother during her travels. She only thought of JoonHun. She wanted him to see these sights with her. As long as he was with her, she felt safe. That’s all she could think about.


“Now that you’ve become the president of the company, it’ll be hard to take you back to the places I wanted to show you.”


“We’ll go, don’t worry.”


He picked her up and carried her to the bed. Even in that short amount of time, he still didn’t want to leave her body. After laying her down on the bed, he began to thrust inside her again. Shocked at the spurt of pleasure spreading throughout her

body, SooHyun began to tremble.


“After working hard for about 3 years, I’m planning on taking a sabbatical.”


He placed one of her legs on top of his shoulders before slipping back inside her. The golden sunlight spilled onto his back as he began to rhythmically thrust inside.


“What if Mmm we have a child?”


As intense pleasure flowed into her body, SooHyun grit her teeth as she asked.


“We’ll all go. Let’s always stay together from now on, Yuan.”


His bottom clenched and unclenched as he began to fiercely thrust into her. His cock glistened with both of their fluids. As he watched her swollen petals greedily take him in, JoonHun felt satisfied. He licked SooHyun’s white thigh that was draped on top of his shoulder.

He had never seen a more beautiful sight.


This was pure joy. This was heaven. This was the greatest pleasure every man was chasing after.


His wife had lost some weight during their time apart. She looked leaner, more slender, and more delicate. Her entrance looked as beautiful as always. It had fully bloomed and was trembling, waiting for him. Impaled straight through the middle of her petals, his cock looked greedy and imposing.


There really couldn’t be a more beautiful sight in the world.


JoonHun laughed softly as he lowered himself and bit down on her swollen nipple. It was the sweetest thing he had ever tasted. It was like honey. His wife’s body gave him the greatest joy.


He thrust into her body once more. SooHyun arched as she began to tremble. A blush began to spread throughout her pale body. JoonHun lowered his lips and sucked on her soft skin.

The bed began to rock as he thrust into her again. A moan left his wife’s lips. It was music to his ears. He did feel bad for making her cry earlier, but he didn’t feel bad about making her cry out now.


Unlike their first rough and fast coupling, this time JoonHun moved slowly to give her the best pleasure. As he raised himself up with both hands, SooHyun’s head fell back.


JoonHun began to thrust fiercely but skillfully. Every time he thrust in, his cock rubbed against her erogenous spot. He began to thrust in and out rhythmically.


“Aaagh.”


SooHyun grabbed the bedsheets. Her brows were slightly furrowed. She was doing her best not to surrender to the intense pleasure.


Chuckling, JoonHun lifted lifted her other leg. He wrapped it around his hips and began to plunge into her again. She jolted as he began to grind into her. Drenched in pleasure, the walls of

her entrance began to suck him in.


“Ugh.”


He needed to hold on But his mind was going blank. He needed to endure it a little bit longer, but her body had swallowed his cock and was milking it. He felt as if he was going to lose his mind.


“Fuck, Yuan.”


He wrapped his arm around her hips. He wanted to take it slow their second time, but those intentions flew out the window. Having lost all reason, JoonHun began to ruthlessly pound into her.


Tap, tap, tap, tap, his scrotum began follow his rhythm and slapped against her.


SooHyun had completely lost her mind. Her pants and moans spilled out of her mouth as she mindlessly gripped his arms. Her

dazed eyes looked up at him.


“Mr JoonHun, I think I’m going crazy”


Hearing his wife’s lewd voice, JoonHun bit down on her lips. Like that, he continued to pump into her. Their nerves were on fire. A wave of pleasure rocked through their bodies. Unable to take any more, they both cried out.


Where did this pleasure come from? No matter how many times they embraced each other, the pleasure always felt new. Even after having satisfied their desires, the yearning quickly returned.


“Fuck.”


JoonHun tightly hugged her. He was really going to go crazy because of this woman, wasn’t he? If he ever lost her, if he ever ended up losing her, he would lose his sanity.


SooHyun panted underneath his heavy body. She felt like her

whole body was still trembling from the intense pleasure that just pierced through her. He felt very heavy as he lay on top of her, but she didn’t want him to leave. SooHyun raised her arms and hugged him tight.


“Do you know when I started to like you?”


SooHyun’s charming whisper floated into JoonHun’s ears. She lifted one leg and wrapped it around his hips, pressing down on his bottom.


“When was it?”


SooHyun looked like she was debating whether she should tell him or not.


“Tell me. When was it?”


His cock twitched inside her as he asked.

SooHyun moaned as she felt his cock harden inside her, but she still didn’t say.


“I wonder. I don’t know if I want to tell you right now.”


“What?”


“I’ll tell you after we arrive at Dubai.”


“Yuan.”


Even after seeing her husband’s eyes narrow dangerously, SooHyun remained silent and smiled mysteriously.


“You better tell me right now.”


He growled as he plunged back into her. Yuan giggled. It was long before he started liking her. Right when he entered the room for their marriage meeting Right when he opened the

doors and entered Her heart began to race right then. What would he say when she told him?


“Yuan”


He groaned out her name. As their moans filled the room, the plane continued to glide through the sky. The sky was drenched in gold as the sun began to set.


As if she had just drunk some refreshing champagne, SooHyun began to giggle. When her husband ordered her to tell him, she shut her mouth. He began to furiously pump his burning body into her. Aah, what a charming flight.

The Man’s Perfect Wife Epilogue.
“I’d like to introduce our new team member who will be starting here at the security department.”


After hearing Derrick’s voice, everyone stopped working at their computers and straightened up. The group was mostly made up of sharp, stocky men and tidy women. A new team member? The new project they had received was related to the country’s department of defense, so it made sense that they were adding more personnel to the security department.


The woman who trailed in after Derrick was tall. She was a bit thin and had short hair, but she still looked stylish.


“Hello, everyone. My name is Han SooHyun.”


The woman calmly bowed her head as she greeted them.


“Aah, we wanted a guy”

From the back, Choi DoYil groaned out unhappily. Derrick frowned and glared at him.


“Man or woman, who cares about that these days?”


“But when we have to work outside the office, we need some strong people. Everyone’s sitting at their desks all the time, so”


“Shut up. You know this is a critical time for all of us”


The country had fallen into total chaos due to cyberterrorists. At least 150 new cases appeared every single day. Occasionally, the attacks even targeted the Ministry of National Defense, other government offices, financial institutions, and even the press. Last year, the Ministry of Defense’s website had been hacked, shutting down the entire military’s communication network as well as any contact with the Blue House. If a national emergency had occurred in that situation, they would all be helpless.


This project not only called for them create a program that

would completely block these attacks, but they were also ordered to invent new weapons that used different energy sources. The hackers were already targeting this information. Therefore they also needed to prepare for the worst in case this information ever leaked out.


Therefore, Han SooHyun, also known as Osiris in the cyberworld, was needed in this dire situation.


SooHyun didn’t say a word and merely smiled lightly. It didn’t matter what other people said. She only cared about completing this assignment. There might even be a secret informant in this group of people. That was her assignment. She needed to watch them from the inside.


“Welcome. Don’t worry about that guy. He’s always talking nonsense.”


A female team member approached her with a smile. The others held out their hands. They all seemed nice for the most part.

‘Nice’? SooHyun shook all of their hands as she thought. You can’t tell what a person is really like with just their outward behavior alone. That was the truth. How much had she hidden as she lived her life?


“I’ll be in your care.”


Derrick smirked slightly as he watched her.


Yuan, no, now she was Han SooHyun. SooHyun was now a member of the HyunJin security team. JoonHun had been the one to suggest it. However, when she told him that she wanted to keep their relationship a secret, he was furious.


“Why?”


As a man who got colder the more angry he became, JoonHun didn’t yell. However, she could tell that he hated it.


“Come on. I’d be working as a team member, but if they find out that I’m actually the president’s wife, who’d like that? I’d

never be able to get close to anyone.”


“What does that have to do with your work?”


“Either way, you can’t tell anyone. Don’t you dare mention it.”


“What did you say?”


He angrily shot up from his seat, but Yuan didn’t budge.


“You said that this assignment is very important. You said that it’s urgent. If I’m going to do this properly, I think we should keep our relationship a secret Mr JoonHun, can’t we just pretend to date secretly for 1 year?”


“No, we can’t.”


“Aaah, honey, just for 1 year.”

“I said no!”


His eyes seemed to be screaming, ‘Over my dead body.’


“Hmm, I wanted to try that kind of office life I really wanted to try it An office romance”


His eyes slightly wavered.


“Well, you know. The president of a company and an employee Meeting up secretly to share their love”


“Why do you want that? We can always embrace each other at home”


Even though he said this, a fire began to blaze in his eyes. Not wanting to miss this opportunity, SooHyun walked up to him and began to unbuckle his belt. Her husband looked down at her in disbelief. SooHyun gave him a smile of satisfaction and slowly began to move down.

“You know, sneaking into the chairman’s office and having the president lay down on his own desk, or even swallowing you up like this in an empty stairwell I want to try things like that”


Seeing him flinch, SooHyun thought he looked very cute.


“Now, shall we get to work?”


JoonHun didn’t move and merely stared at her. As her head lowered, he didn’t even breathe. When her lips touched his cock, he threw back his head and let out a hum.


Did you really think you could win? Who do you think you’re talking to?


Yuan smirked.


“Now, shall we get to work?”

Suddenly, Derrick’s voice jerked SooHyun out of her thoughts. She walked over to an empty computer and lightly brushed her fingers over the keyboard. The bumpy keys felt so familiar to her. A secretive smile stretched across her lips.


*
THE END
